漫威公司出品
神盾局特工第一季 第三集By aBu 201705
神盾局特工第一季 第三集By aBu 201705
*高低咱走过**High and low I've traveled*
*八方咱趟过**Far and wide I'd go*
*从沙漠到山坡**From the desert tracks to the mountainside*
*我给你带来这场巡回演出**I'll bring you this traveling show*
胖子  瘦子呼叫Big Boy, this is Little Boy.
"鸡舍"情况如何How'd things go down at the chicken coop?
称重检验员需要学点成人词语Weigh-station inspector needs to learn some adult words
注意个人卫生  不过他让咱通过了and a bit of hygiene, but he waved us through.
货物安全The cargo is secure.
看起来一切顺利Looks like a clean shot from here.
收到Roger that.
小女孩会在你前面领路Little Girl will take point on your front door.
我们在卸货处见  麦克  完毕See you at the drop stop, Mack. I'm clear.
该死Son of a bitch.
-你看到了吗  -小女孩被干掉了- You see that? - Little Girl is down.
二号护卫队被干掉了Escort Two is down.
-我知道  大侦探  -是什么袭击了咱们- I know, sherlock. - What the hell hit us?
我们得执行B计划  B计划We need to go to alt two, alt two.
侧面安全Nothing over our shoulder.
后方也安全Back door's clear.
不惜一切  保护货物Protect the cargo at all costs.
呼叫神盾局地区指挥塔  我是麦克特工S.H.I.E.L.D. region ct, this is Agent Mack.
我们被看不到的不明物体攻击We are under attack from an unseen I-don't-know-what.
麦克特工  请通报威胁属性  完毕Agent Mack, advise nature of the threat, over.
到底是他妈的怎么...What in the holy name of...
呼叫神盾局地区指挥塔S.H.I.E.L.D. region ct --
见鬼  我没法解释oh, hell, I can't explain.
不Oh, no!
我们到了没Are we there yet?
你迟到了You know you're late.
人家是因为晨练太累了I'm tired from the morningworkout.
我以为我是加入了神盾局I thought I was joining s.H.I.E.L.D.,
不是24小时健身特训not 24 hour fitness.
这叫相对体能训练It's called relative strength training,
从基础开始starting with the basics.
下次And next time,
你每迟到一分钟  就要做15个俯卧撑you do 15 push-ups for every minute you're late.
算你狠  欢乐机器先生Fine, Mr. Fun Machine.
总比引体向上强Better than pull-ups.
我再也不想做引体向上了I donn't ever want to do another pull-up again.
如果你挂在20层楼的边缘You find yourself hanging off the edge of a building 20 stories up,
你至少得能做一个吧you're gonna want to do at least one.
站稳Stand here.
交叉刺拳  这样Jab cross, like this.
十分钟10 minutes.
知道拳击最难的地方在哪吗You know the hardest part about boxing?
被打中脸吗Getting punched in the face?
双手要一直举起Keeping your hands up.
我为什么要练这个Why do I even have to do this?
菲兹-西蒙斯的监管人员I'm sure Fitz-Simmons' supervising officer
肯定没让他们做这种体力活儿didn't make them do this muscle stuff.
你说你想做外勤特工  像科尔森那样You said you wanted to be a field agent, like Coulson.
如果你想换训练方式Well, if you'd like to switch disciplines...
西蒙斯Hey, Simmons.
你的监管人员给你布置的晨练是什么What did your S.O. give you guys for morning drills?
原子属性训练Oh, atomistic attribute drills.
我们说出材料的机械性能  化学性能  热力性质Yeah, we'd name the mechanical, chemical, thermal --
和电气性能Electrical properties of materials.
好啦  他们证明了你的观点Okay, okay. They made your point.
会有那么一个时刻  你要决定是坚持还是放弃There will come a moment when you have to commit to this or bail.
每个外勤特工都有这样的决定性时刻Every field agent has a defining moment.
不信你问科尔森Ask Coulson.
你得做出这个艰难的决定When you have to make the hard call
要么全身心投入to either dedicate yourself to this
要么缩成一团逃跑or to curl up in a ball and run.
缩成一团还怎么跑How can you run if you're curled up in a ball?
作为你的监管人员It's my job as your S.O.
我的职责是在那之前保住你的性命  快点to make sure you don't die before then. Come on.
那你呢  沃德特工So what was yours, Agent Ward?
练十分钟10 minutes.
你的决定性时刻Your defining moment?
说嘛  告诉我  我想知道Come on, tell me. I want to know.
我可以让科尔森再给你点诱供药I could get Coulson to give you some of that truth serum.
你就能再次向我老实交代了You could spill your little heart out to me again.
你是指奇迹般地促成了You mean my level one overshare
你与我们合作的那次一级泄密事件吗that miraculously got you to cooperate?
很抱歉地告诉你  菜鸟  我们根本没有诱供药I hate to tell you this, rookie, but we don't have a truth serum.
更改航向  三分钟后情况简报Changing course, briefing in three.
看来我们有行动了Ah, looks like we're on the move.
神盾616号得到了新命令S.H.I.E.L.D. 616 with new orders.
前往科罗拉多北部机场Set for Colorado air field north.
几分钟前A few minutes ago,
护送红色优先级别保护对象的神盾车队a S.H.I.E.L.D. transport was attacked while carrying a priority red
在斯特林附近76号公路遇袭protected asset off route 76 near Sterling.
红色优先级别是什么Priority red?
保护对象是加拿大物理学家弗兰克林·霍尔博士The asset was Canadian physicist Dr. Franklin Hall,
-他著名的研究有...  -不- known for his work-- - Oh, no,
-不要是弗兰克  -霍尔博士吗- not Frank.  - Dr. Hall?
他是我们大二时的化学动力学导师He was our chemical kinetics adviser our second year.
是的  他非常热衷于科学Yeah, he's so enthusiastic about science,
我们可喜欢他了we just adored him.
我们能营救他的吧We can rescue him, can't we?
他是我们的科学家  我们要努力营救He's one of ours. We're gonna try.
攻击者呢And the attackers?
看不见Invisible.
等等  看不见Wait, invisible?
帅啊Cool.
但是太糟糕了哈But terrible.
霍尔博士非常重要吗Dr. Hall was an asset?
科罗拉多州  斯特林
是一直受神盾保护的几位顶尖科学家之一One of a few select scientists s.H.I.E.L.D. has been protecting,
敌人很想得到这些科学家people our enemies would love to get their hands on.
我们隐藏他们  而且不断转移We keep them hidden, keep them on the move.
所以我和菲兹曾做过他的学生真是天大的幸事Which is why Fitz and I were so lucky to have him.
我们现在失去他了We don't have him anymore.
红色优先级别是什么意思And what does priority red mean?
意思说安保措施应该很It means security should have been...
严密Heavy.
当时真的很吓人It was pretty damn scary,
我这人可不容易吓着  长官and I don't spook easily, boss.
上空什么都没有吗Nothing in the air from above?
侧翼也什么都没有Nothing over our shoulder,
但邪门的是他们知道我们的路线but what's scary is they knew our route.
他们正等着我们来They were waiting for us.
你是说这事有局里的人里应外合吗Are you saying they were working with somebody inside S.H.I.E.L.D.?
很遗憾  但肯定是这样Sorry to say... it had to be.
菲兹  这是什么Fitz, what am I seeing here?
我又没戴着我设计的全光谱护目镜Well, I'm not wearing the full-spectrum goggles I designed, so
我怎么知道啊no clue.
让我瞧瞧  来Let me have a look. Come on.
不  慢点  等等  别动No, whoa, whoa, whoa! Wait! Don't move.
等等Wait a second.
搞什么What the hell?
静电场扫描仪好像激活了I think the electro-static field scanner activated some...
什么东西thing.
我们可以关闭它吗  现在关Okay, can we deactivate it? Now?
-你得增加密度  -我试了  菲兹  可是...- Have to increase the density.  - I tried, Fitz, but --
菲兹Fitz.
是它捣的鬼That did all this.
那是什么What is that?
大麻烦Something big.
不是有人破译了我们的通讯系统Either someone cracked our comm system,
就是霍尔博士转移的信息被从内部泄露出去了or Dr. Hall's movements leaked from inside S.H.I.E.L.D.
你真觉得我们有内鬼吗You really think we have a mole?
我觉得你该去检查一下通讯记录I think you should go through the communication logs,
排除可能性Rule it out.
我们会检查现场找到的牵引设备的胎纹We'll work the tractor tread that we found on the scene.
我可以去检查  逃避引体向上I can do that instead of pull-ups.
我可以上传胎纹的图像I can upload an image of the tread pattern,
-看看是否有...  -已经搞定了- check to see if there's any sort of--  - Already done.
和一辆2010年产的型号吻合Matched it to a 2010 model.
找到一张五百英里半径内的购买者名单Found a list of purchasers within a 500-mile radius,
范围缩小至有犯罪前科  财务困境narrowed down to those with priors, financial troubles,
或是有冒险倾向的人or propensity for risk-taking.
有三个嫌疑人Three suspects.
他们可能把自己的施工设备卖给了绑匪Who may have sold their construction equipment to the kidnappers.
我们去打听一下We'll ask.
沃德讲了件搞笑的事Hey, so, Ward said a funny thing.
他说你们根本就没有诱供药He said that you guys don't have a truth serum.
是吗  沃德这么说的吗Did he? Ward said that?
是啊Yeah.
有意思Interesting.
是啊Yeah.
等等Hey, wait--
你要我用来练习举重吗Do you want me to bench press this?
读完它Read it.
这是决定转移霍尔博士之后总部发出的全部消息Every communication out of HQ since they decided to transfer Dr. Hall.
撑住了  博士Hang in there, Doc.
看来要花点时间了It's gonna be a while.
科罗拉多州  谷仓山
你好Excuse me.
你是什么人Who the hell are you?
一个恰好隶属于监视着A concerned citizen who happens to be a member
你一举一动的庞大政府机构的公民of a giant bureaucratic organization that's tracking your every move.
我没干什么坏事啊I haven't done anything wrong.
当然没有Of course not,
但买走你挖土机的人干了坏事but you sold your excavator to some people who did.
而且你也知道  所以才躲在这里避风头And you're hiding out here until things cool down because you know it.
我只是想知道是谁买的I just want to know who paid you.
他付钱让我不回答这样的问题Paid me enough not to answer any questions like that.
有种老西部的感觉Feels like the old west.
他们买下了我的机器  仅此而已They gave me money for my equipment. That's all.
名字和长相我都不知道I never saw a face. I never heard a name.
你怎么收钱的And how did you receive this money?
他们给你开支票吗They write you a check?
用黄金来结账Paid you in gold?
这下真有老西部的感觉了Now it really feels like the old west.
这其实是块合金锭It looks like this because it's a doré bar.
就是说  这是直接从矿里采出来  而未经过精炼It means it was made at the mine rather than in a refinery.
纯度大概只有92%It's only about 92% pure.
那牛仔有点上当了The cowboy got cheated a bit.
你可以通过杂质找到矿脉的位置吗Can you determine the mine based on the impurities?
可以Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
我们已经分析过了We've done that already.
这黄金出自坦桑尼亚的黛西矿脉It's from the Dacey Mine in Tanzania,
所有者是Which is owned by --
奎恩国际Quinn Worldwide.
你们肯定在化学工程课了解过或《福布斯》的封面上I'm sure you studied the C.E.O. in your chemical engineering classes
见过这家公司的首席执行官or saw him on the cover of forbes
伊恩·奎恩Ian Quinn.
马耳他共和国
我们不能像挖土豆那样把它挖出来We can't just pluck it from the ground like a potato.
要把它从矿石中提炼出来并浓缩It needs to be extracted from the ore and enriched.
我知道I know.
告诉他正是这笔投资给他添了那艘可笑的游艇You know, tell him this investment paid for that ridiculous yacht of his
他会在股东会议上感激我的and that he'll thank me at the shareholders meeting.
为什么要把他绑起来Why is he tied up?
奎恩Quinn.
他看上去像个威胁吗Does he look like a threat?
很抱歉他们这么对待你I'm sorry about these guys.
欢迎来到马耳他  弗兰克Welcome to Malta, Frank.
偷我的点子是一回事  伊恩You know, it's one thing to steal my ideas, Ian,
你连我本人也不放过but stealing me?
首先  我根本没偷你的点子First of all, I never stole your ideas.
我们一直认为信息应该对外公开We've always agreed information should be free.
你利用这些公开信息赚的钱真让人震惊啊It's amazing how much money you made off free information.
其次  你就把这当做是营救行动吧  弗兰克Secondly, think of this as a rescue mission, Frank.
实际上  过不了多久  你就会感激我In fact, in a moment, I think you'll be thanking me.
我的手下截取到一段My staff intercepted a communication
关于转移一重要人物的通讯about the movement of a certain asset,
当我推断出那人是你之后and when I deduced that asset was you,
我怎能放过这个机会I couldn't pass up on the opportunity.
的确  这不太符合我的风格It's a little out of my comfort zone, sure.
马耳他Malta.
挺聪明的You're not stupid.
在这里神盾局不能找你麻烦S.H.I.E.L.D. can't come after you here.
不仅仅是神盾局Not just S.H.I.E.L.D.
我现在已经入籍这个美丽的国家了I am now a naturalized citizen of this fair country.
迷人的海滩  诱人的税法Stunning beaches, beautiful tax laws,
而且对外界的指手画脚有根深蒂固的敌意and a deep-seated hatred of outside forces telling them what to do.
听着像是你的相亲资料啊Sounds like your dating profile.
是啊Right.
我把我整个生意都转移过来了I moved my entire operation down here.
我买下了原首相官邸Bought the old prime minister's estate.
不太符合我的品味It's not really my style,
但这里的地下设施很庞大dut it had this huge underground facility,
所以我就想  也不错啊so I figured, hey.
你一直都是个固执的混蛋Always been a stubborn bastard.
现在你终于找到一个Now you've finally found a place
监察者碰不着你的地方where the watchdogs can't touch you.
而且毫不触犯国际法Not without breaking international law.
更重要的是  老朋友But more importantly, old friend,
他们也碰不着你they can't touch you.
记得这玩意吗Recognize the design?
我们还很年轻的时候  你就设计了这玩意We were barely old enough to drink when you sketched the blueprint.
这只是微型样品That's just a miniature prototype.
一靠被假想物质驱动的假想机器A theoretical machine powered by a theoretical substance.
弗兰克  你是对的Frank, you were right.
你找到它了You found it?
重力鎓Gravitonium.
是一种原子序数极其高的稀有元素It's an extremely rare high-atomic numbered element.
就是它驱动着装置That powers the device.
它极其罕见It's so extremely rare
以至于大多数人并不相信它存在that most people didn't believe it existed,
更不用说与之相关的一种理论  单独的正电荷...much less the theory that an isolated positive charge...
能够扭转各向同性的...Would turn the flow from isotropic...
伙计们  我是高中辍学生Guys, high-school dropout here.
这装置是怎么运行的How does the device work again?
重力鎓摧毁它内部的重力场Well, gravitonium distorts gravity fields within itself,
形成一个波动的无定型的形态causing an undulating, amorphous shape.
也就引起了这些...动来动去的东西Which causes these, um... wiggly bits here.
但是一旦通上电流But when an electric current is applied,
重力鎓就会固化the gravitonium solidifies.
那些重力场就会喷薄而出And those gravity fields erupt,
随机地改变它周围的重力场randomly changing the rules of gravity around it.
所以你能想象它对一辆时速一百公里的Well, so, now you can imagine what would happen to a big rig
大卡车的作用了at 100 kilometers per hour.
或者你可以回忆一下or, uh, well, you could just remember,
因为我们都看到了  不是吗'cause we saw it already, didn't we?
是啊  猜猜哪个天才Yeah, and guess which genius
多年前就发表了关于重力鎓published every theory about gravitonium
及其各种可能应用的论文and possible applications -- years go?
弗兰克林·霍尔博士Dr. Franklin Hall.
-没错  -正是- Yes. - Correct.
霍尔博士和伊恩·奎恩二人And Dr. Hall attended the University of Cambridge
同时入读剑桥大学at the same time as Ian Quinn.
科尔森可能判断错了Coulson may be off on this.
奎恩是个众所周知地的好人Quinn is a notoriously good guy.
他的慈善捐赠差不多有八十亿His charity endowment's something like $8 billion.
对  捐的是靠榨干地球资源赚来的钱Yes, with money made from leeching the earth of its resources.
看起来他又有了新发现Looks like he's dug up another.
耗费20年  12座矿  6个大洲20 years, 12 mines, 6 continents,
不过  是啊  我终于找到它了but, yes, I finally found it.
现在我们要用它好好玩了And now we get to play with it.
你还记得我们在果园街谈论这个时Do you remember in all our talks on Orchard Street
提到这很危险  非常危险吗the part where it's very, very dangerous?
一切强大的东西都是危险的Everything powerful is dangerous.
但我不打算用更多的空谈来说服你But I'm not gonna convince you with more talk...
什么50%股份  诺贝尔奖之类的talk of 50% shares, talk of Nobel Prizes.
不  你不要这些No, not you.
你只需...You...
眼见为实will just have to see it.
我建造了一个大发生器I built a full-size generator,
不过我需要你教我如何控制重力场but I need you to tell me how to control the gravity fields.
你可以完成你毕生的事业You can complete your life's work.
无论你是否参与我都要这么做I plan to do this with or without you,
不过我了解你but I know you.
我知道你会希望它正常运转I know you'd want it done right.
现在你该感谢我了Now's the moment when you thank me.
他被人挟持  我们要去把他救出来The man's a prisoner, and it's up to us to get him out.
我们查证过了We've checked the specs.
想要进入奎恩的院子There's no way into Quinn's compound
必须依靠神盾的突击部队without a large S.H.I.E.L.D. strike force
或者有人内应or a man inside.
他用钕激光围栏包围了领地He's got neodymium laser fencing surrounding the property.
他们不会允许突击队进马耳他的They'll never allow a strike force into Malta.
另外  这周末Plus, this weekend,
奎恩国际要举办年度股东聚会Quinn Worldwide's got its annual shareholders gathering.
我们可能会引起全球公愤  不过...We're risk global outrage, but...
如果我们独自行动...If we go in alone...
神盾局就可以否认我们  声称不知情S.H.I.E.L.D. can disavow us, claim ignorance.
没有内应  这无法实现Without a man inside, it's impossible,
除非你对脉冲激光辐射免疫unless you're immune to pulse laser emissions.
如果我们有一只猴子  就能办到If we had a monkey, we could get in.
拜托  菲兹Ugh, Fitz!
如果我们有只小猴子  能悄悄溜过传感器If we had a small monkey, he could slip through the sensors
用它可爱的小手  解除围栏的电源and disable the fence's power source with his adorable little hands.
我可以进去I could go in.
把我空投在瓦莱塔市外面的山丘上Drop me in the hills outside of Valletta.
我花几周时间建立伪装身份I'll spend a few weeks establishing a cover,
-收集情报  -霍尔等不了那么久- gathering intel... - Hall doesn't have a few weeks.
再次声明一下And to restate,
任何神盾局特工在马耳他领土被俘any agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. caught on Maltese soil
-都可以被枪决...  -没错- can be shot to death with bullets... - Yeah.
而且是合法的legally.
我不会的  我能进去Not me. I could go in.
斯凯  我们在说正经事Skye, this is serious.
等等Wait.
你什么想法What are you saying?
我不是神盾局特工Well, I'm not an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.,
我进去不会违反什么破规定so I can go in without breaking all these stupid rules.
是国际法International laws.
这可不是涨潮组织能黑进去的  斯凯This isn't something the Rising Tide can hack, Skye.
你听没听见我说的致命激光啊Did you hear the deadly lasers part?
如果没有个勇敢的猴子Without a brave monkey --
你们之前说如果有内应就能潜进去You said you could go in with a man inside.
你想去当内应And you want to be that man?
菲兹-西蒙斯喜欢那个人Fitz-Simmons loved the guy,
而且他确实需要帮助and he needs help.
他们可能正在对他严刑拷打They could be torturing him,
或者更糟  让他做体能训练or worse, making him do strength-training.
但你没有相关的背景  权限But you don't have the background or clearance
或是经验or experience with any of this.
我知道I know.
但我有邀请函But I've got an invitation.
严格来讲  是个电子邀请函Well, technically, it's an e-vite.
我理解你的担心I understand your concern,
但我们也没有别的选择了but we don't have a lot of options.
她的确有两把刷子Hey, I'm impressed.
谈话间就用手机利用She just wrangled an invitation on her phone
后门程序搞了个邀请函using insider back-channel voodoo in minutes.
但未经训练就把她送去当内应太冒险了But sending her in with no training, you're taking a huge risk.
我知道你上次的自我牺牲后I know director Fury felt he owed you
弗瑞局长觉得欠你个人情after you sacrificed yourself.
我还牺牲了收藏卡呢And my card collection.
他给了你一些自主权He gave you some autonomy,
但让斯凯去执行秘密任务but Skye on a covert op?
你是担心她的安全还是忠心Are you worried about her safety or her loyalty?
都担心Both.
要不是涨潮组织她才拿不到邀请函呢The Rising Tide is the reason she got an invite.
谁知道她还违反了多少规定Who knows how many protocols she violated?
那是她的责任  忽视那些规定That's her job -- ignore protocol,
找到别人看不到的联系与后门find connections and back doors that nobody else can see.
你还有其他的担心Something else is bothering you.
她有所保留  长官She's holding back, sir.
她说她想当特工  但却不愿全身心投入She says she wants to be an agent, but she won't commit.
她听不进去话  爱开玩笑She doesn't listen, makes jokes.
你是不是对她很严格Were you hard on her?
当然  我也试过柔和一点Sure. I tried playing nice, too.
我需要一个新策略I need a new strategy.
试试抛弃一切策略Try no strategy.
别用特工的方式思考  用普通人的方式思考Stop thinking like an operative, start thinking like a person.
也许那样斯凯就会愿意接受你的帮助了Maybe Skye will let that person help her.
帮她什么Help her what?
帮她用特工的方式思考问题Help her think like an operative.
再来一次  慢一些  首先要怎么做Now, again, slowly, what's first?
然后呢And then?
然后这发展得太快了Then things are moving too quickly.
我可是个体面的南方女孩I'm a proper southern girl.
你会弄乱我的衣服的You'll make me untidy.
扭大拇指  手掌抵住枪管Twist the thumb, palm the barrel.
你会死在那儿  然后把我们都害了You're gonna die and leave us hanging out to dry, you know that?
你没有自卫技能就去执行任务You're going in with no self-defense skills --
我自有准备I have a few tricks up my sleeve.
你需要肌肉记忆  基本技能You need muscle memory, fundamentals,
把你自己变成...the tools to turn yourself --
全副武装的工具吗Into a whole bag of tools?
你是怎么吊儿郎当把计算机学会的How did you learn computer science without committing yourself to it?
那对我来说是手到擒来C.S. comes naturally to me.
很抱歉你的技能对我没那么容易I'm sorry I'm not naturally whatever you are.
你认为我是天生就会吗You think this came naturally?
我有个经常暴揍我的哥哥I had a brother who beat the crap out of me --
他无缘无故地揍我和我弟弟me and my little brother -- for nothing,
可能就为吃了一块他的生日蛋糕for eating a piece of his birthday cake.
我必须学会如何保护我们I had to learn to protect us
我也在试着用这个方法保护你the way I am trying to protect you.
那就是我的决定性时刻That was my moment.
回答你的问题You asked.
对不起  我没有想要强迫你说Sorry. I didn't mean to push.
但我确实拿到了这个But I did manage to take this.
拿到枪是一回事Getting the gun is one thing.
扣动扳机  是另一回事了Pulling the trigger -- that is another.
再来一次  慢一些  首先要怎么做Now, again, slowly, what's first?
斯凯会从前门进去Skye will walk in the front door.
奎恩地下设施唯一的外部入口The only external access point to Quinn's underground facility
是一个浅滩is from a beach cove.
两人营救小队可以从那里溜进去A two-man extraction team could slip in there,
但难度很大but it's not easy.
菲兹-西蒙斯Fitz-Simmons.
整个领地被20尺高的钕激光网环绕The perimeter is surrounded by a 20-foot-high neodymium laser grid.
碰到就惨了Touch it and you're toast.
死翘翘那种惨Dead toast.
让激光网失效的唯一办法The only way to disable the grid
就是让系统瘫痪被迫重启is to crack the system and trigger a reboot.
这样小队有三秒时间穿过激光网This would give the team three seconds to cross.
当然  奎恩才不会傻到Of course, quinn's too smart
允许自己的地盘被无线接入to allow any wireless access on his property.
这就靠我了That's where I come in.
是的  特制粉盒  可以骗过X光检查Yes, working compact -- holds up under x-ray.
沙漠玫瑰色  搭配你的肤色Desert rose to match your complexion.
但  这是什么  一个读取器But -- oh, what's this? A readout, okay?
如果你足够靠近一台电脑  可无线接入Turns green if you're in close enough proximity
它就显示绿色to a computer to gain wireless access.
变绿之后  把它放下走开就行When it does, you just drop this nearby and walk out.
剩下交给我们  小菜一碟We'll do the rest. Easy as pie.
前提是你遵守计划Or it will be if you stick to the plan.
知道了  计划  变绿  放下  走开Got it. Plan, green, drop, walk...
小菜pie.
我不想质疑你的命令  长官I don't want to question your orders, sir.
很好Good.
但我遇到的战斗已经超出我的预想But I've already seen far more combat than I bargained for.
这个两人营救小队This two-man extraction team?
正是我想回避的行动It's exactly the kind of action I was hoping to avoid.
所以没有派你去That's why you're not on it.
外勤人员跟行动专家不能比  相信我Specialist work is different from field work, believe me.
你上次...When was the last time you --
霍尔是我们的人  他有麻烦了Hall's one of ours, and he's in trouble.
我需要两个人救他出来  沃德算一个I need two men to get him out. Ward makes one.
所以我得参与行动So that's why I'm going in.
你忘了  我跟着复仇者联盟可没少经历打斗You forget -- I saw plenty of action with the Avengers.
然后你死了And you died.
好了  队员们  整装待发All right, team, suit up.
马耳他共和国
谢谢你Thank you.
来点开胃菜吗  女士Hors d'oeuvre, madame?
你是谁Who are you?
对他的失礼表示抱歉  他不怎么会说英语Oh, apologies for his manners. He knows very little English.
那个  算了  我叫斯凯Oh, that, uh, that's -- what-- whatever. Skye.
-卡西姆·扎格卢勒  -久仰久仰- Qasim Zaghlul. - Big fan.
半个迪拜都是您建的  包括阿拉伯刀片大楼You built half of Dubai, including the Arabian Blade.
我超爱那栋楼  特别有科幻气质I love that building. It's super sci-fi.
您夫人在哪Where's your wife...
夫人名叫娜德拉Wife's name's Nadrah.
-娜德拉  -双胞胎儿子- Nadrah? - Twin sons.
她在家跟孩子们一起吗She staying at home with the boys?
她干得怎么样How's she doing?
她很棒She's good.
见到您很荣幸The pleasure is mine.
这样真挺不错啊  就像是好用的SiriI could get used to this, people. It's like Siri if it worked.
队长呼叫亡命徒  我看见大狗了Skipper to bravo. I got eyes on top dog.
老鹰正在降落The eagle is landing on it.
你说什么呢What are you doing?
抱歉  我犯二了  我看到奎恩了Uh, sorry, I -- I don't know. I see Quinn.
我去跟他聊聊I'm gonna go talk to him.
还有它对工业平均数的影响I mean, that and its effect on the industrial average.
是啊  没错Yeah, right?
伊恩·奎恩  我是临时赶来的不速之客Ian Quinn. I'm your last-minute party crasher.
斯凯Skye.
很高兴见到你Great to meet you.
这是斯凯  涨潮组织的成员Um, this is Skye, a member of the Rising Tide.
他们是一群黑客They're a group of hackers.
我是不是把大秘密公诸于众了I've gotten some pretty big secrets out to the public.
我更喜欢被称为"黑客活动分子"I prefer "Hacktivist. "
很高兴你听说过我们的网站I'm glad you've heard of our site.
我读过  我们的想法很相似I read it. We think very much alike --
更多的信息自由more freedom of information,
政府少侵犯人权  我很赞赏你们less government infringing on everyone's rights -- I'm a fan.
难怪会邀请我That explains the invite.
想进这个派对可真不容易This is a tough party to get into.
不会比你进入加密后门Not as hard to get into as the encrypted back channel
让我们发出邀请更难吧you contacted us through to request the invite.
我对那个轻车熟路That's sort of where I live.
你一定要让我看看你是怎么做到的You've got to show me how you did that --
如果你加入的话I mean, if you sign on.
加入什么Sign what,now?
我曾把一些黑客变成了"白帽"I've been known to turn a few black hats into white hats,
不仅仅是做漏洞分析not just for vulnerability analysis,
更是为了创造性思维but for very creative thinking.
你是要给我一份工作吗A-are you offering me a job?
我请你来可不是因为你长得漂亮Well,I didn't invite you here for your pretty face.
我本来不知道你这么漂亮I didn't know you had a pretty face.
是的  我想在别人把你夺走之前雇用你Yes, I want to hire you before someone else snatches you up.
看来进展不错啊That seemed to go well.
是的  不错Yeah. It did.
很多股东跟我们同舟同济很多年了Many of you shareholders have been with us for years,
我还看到了一些新面孔and I see a few new names here,
但我要感谢你们所有人远道而来but I want to thank you all for traveling so far
来到这个美丽的国度to this beautiful country
还有来沙巴塔巴纳体验生活and, well, for slumming it at Shaba Tal-Banar.
这个国家允许我们This country where we are allowed
追求进步并获取利润to pursue progress and profit
远离令世界窒息的规则束缚without the stranglehold of regulations that are now choking our world.
美国政府  欧盟  DRTC[应为虚构]The United States government, the E.U. , the DRTC,
神盾局  这些机构S.H.I.E.L.D. -- These are just a few of the institutions
阻碍他人开发新技术that are guilty of halting the development of new technology
只许自己搞研究for anyone -- except themselves.
我们敢于用新思想挑战他们We dare defy them with a new idea.
他们却潜入将其从我们手中夺走They steal in and sweep it out from under us.
但今天不会But not today.
你们都知道奎恩国际用基本矿物You're all aware of what Quinn Worldwide has been able to do
能做到什么  更不用说用铀和钚了with basic minerals, let alone uranium or plutonium,
虽然有种种不公平的限制despite these unjust restrictions
让天平倾向于他人that weigh the scales in the other guy's favor.
今天  我要宣布一件新东西Well, today, I'm announcing something new --
一种可以让天平平衡的元素An element that could balance those scales,
我是指字面意思哦and I mean that quite literally.
重力鎓  原子序数  123  原子质量  308
想象如果你可以控制重力Imagine if you could control gravity,
我们不用去钻探石油  石油自己就会冒上来if instead of drilling for oil, it rose up to greet you.
想象如果你可以一挥手  就移动一艘Imagine if you could move a super tanker's worth of cargo
超级油轮的货物with a swipe of your hand.
我们可以做到  甚至更多Well, we will do this and more.
这件事可能对霍尔博士造成很大创伤This could have been a traumatic experience for Dr. Hall.
我们找到他后  他可能会有所变化  沃德He may not be the same when we find him, Ward.
我负责说服他I'll talk him down.
不能让你"讨喜"的性格把他逼得太紧We don't want your personality to set him on edge.
真是展现幽默感的好时机  长官Great time for humor, sir.
如果斯凯不能放咱们进去  我的人际交往能力My people skills are the least of our problems
可不是我们最大的问题if Skye can't get us in.
门锁着  但是没有锁It's locked, but there's no lock.
看看有没有小型键盘Eh, check for a keypad.
没有Nothing.
你能侵入小型键盘吗What, you can hack a keypad?
不行  用电话做不到No, not over the phone.
有前台吗Is there a reception desk?
有Okay, yeah.
现在我该怎么做Well, now what do I do?
你想做什么What are you trying to do?
想找支笔用而已  找到了Just looking for a pen. Here we go.
我得把那些好点子都记下来  你懂的Got to write down all those good ideas, you know what I mean?
你当然懂的Of course you know what I mean.
大概十支笔都记不完你的好点子Probably have like 10 pens for all your ideas.
你到底在干什么What are you really doing?
好吧  被你抓到了All right. I'm busted.
我想看看你办公室里到底有什么I was trying to get a glimpse behind your office doors,
看看你们怎么运作的see how things really operate.
我把你当客人邀请过来I invite you here as a guest,
你却把我也当做腐败机构you treat me like another corrupt institution,
寻找可以泄露到网上的商业秘密looking for trade secrets to leak online.
-保安  -不不  等等- Security. - No, no, no, wait.
有那么多装模作样的人It's just, with all these la-di-da people,
你得时刻注意  谨小慎微you have to be so guarded, so careful --
注意你说的话  暴露的秘密what you say, what secrets you reveal.
我希望我们两个And... I was hoping that you and I
可以坦诚相待could be honest with one another.
如果你明白我的意思的话If you know what I mean.
神盾局在监听
我的办公室小一些  但轮子多My office had less space, more wheels.
可以看到海景和游泳池啊A view of the ocean and the pool.
做生意的好地方Not a bad place to do business.
找到泄露霍尔位置的分机了Got the dispatch leaking Hall's location.
用户使用了化名User's an alias.
追踪动态主机配置协议...Oh, can you trace the DHCP server --
正在追踪  但需要时间  斯凯呢Trace is running, but it'll take time. Our girl?
我以为她死定了I thought she was done for,
但她一通甜言蜜语  进了奎恩的办公室but she's just sweet-talked her way into Quinn's office.
她怎么做到的How'd she manage that?
她可能用了她的...She probably just used her, um...
她的...her, uh...
胸器...boobs.
这是唯一的解释...That's the only explana--
天呐  信号中断了Oh, my gosh, the signal's dead.
菲兹Fitz!
怎么了  不是我  一定是她What -- I didn't. She must've --
天呐Oh, lord.
这下好多了Much better.
自从我驾照考试没通过后  还是第一次有那种Haven't felt that "someone's watching my every move" feeling
有人在监视我一举一动的感觉since I failed my driver's test.
你要跟我解释一下到底是怎么回事吗You want to tell me what the hell's going on?
神盾局找上你了吗S.H.I.E.L.D. got to you?
他们在洛杉矶抓到了我They picked me up in L. A.,
我帮他们应对了一场危机I helped them in a crisis,
现在他们想招募我and now they want to recruit me.
不出所料Of course they did.
所以我就假装合作So I played along.
至于内部消息  我在他们飞机上可是有床位的Talk about inside info -- I have a bunk on their plane.
我一直在收集情报I've been gathering intel,
等待时机  直到有用武之地biding my time until I could become useful.
我觉得这个就算了I thought this qualified.
他们怎么会派你参与这样的秘密行动Why would they trust you with a covert operation like this?
因为神盾局不能违反国际法律Something about S.H.I.E.L.D. not breaking international laws.
他们别无选择They had no other options,
但我却喜欢让自己有多种选择whereas I like to keep mine open.
警告  禁止入内  致命辐射
巡逻队随时会来了Next patrol any minute now.
斯凯掉线了Skye's offline.
重复  我们失去了音频和体征监测Repeat, we've lost audio and vitals.
不能放弃  但她要是有问题...Abort is not an option, but if she's compromising --
她仍是我们营救霍尔博士的唯一选择She's still our only way in to get to Dr. Hall.
只有我们才能带他们出来And we're their only way out.
你是说  他们拉拢我You're saying they wanted to rope me in
是因为我对他们造成了威胁because I pose a genuine threat.
没错  而且你符合他们的标准Yes, and fit their profile.
-标准  -没错- Profile. - Sure.
你是个罪犯  外面人等着抓你You're a criminal. You have a warrant somewhere.
-也许吧  -还有一技之长- Probably. - Specialized skill set.
我还想谦虚点呢  看来失败了I try to stay humble but fail.
没有家人No family.
抱歉  我不是有意戳你痛处I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hit a nerve,
但这是他们的拿手好戏but that is what these people do.
神盾局  他们利用你的恐惧S.H.I.E.L.D. -- they prey on fear
孤独和绝望and loneliness and desperation,
向那些走投无路的人提供一个安身之所and then they offer a home to those who have no one else to turn to.
我能给你更好的I can offer you something better.
见鬼  看来我有些生疏了Damn. A little rusty, I guess.
各位  时间紧迫  联系上斯凯了吗Guys, clock's ticking. Where's skye?
你跟着我们  没有秘密You stay with us, there's no secrets,
没有谎言  没有不良动机no lies, and no agenda.
你可以随心所欲You're free to do what you do
不用担心有人会时刻监视你without big brother watching over you.
但首先  你得告诉我But first, you have to tell me
神盾局派你来  到底是为了什么exactly what agenda S.H.I.E.L.D. sent you in here with.
他们让我想办法进入这里Well,they wanted me to do whatever it takes to get in here.
然后呢Get in here and... ?
抛个媚眼Bat my eyes.
让你开口Get you talking.
-连接成功  -她做到了- We're in! - She's done it!
-菲兹  该你了  -感谢万物- Fitz, you're up. - Oh, mother of all things.
让开  让开  让开Move, move, move!
有人遇袭  东峰有敌人We have a man down. Hostiles on the east ridge!
快点重启  菲兹We need a reset here, Fitz!
菲兹Fitz!
反复叫他的名字不会提高他的效率Saying his name repeatedly does not increase productivity!
-好了  -看来还有点用  - Okay, go! - Oh, maybe it does.
系统重启: 03
据重启还有两秒  一秒  快点System rebooting in two, one, now!
系统重启: 02
我去实验室找霍尔博士I'll look for Dr. Hall down in the lab.
我去接斯凯I'll get Skye.
你不可能是唯一的突破口No, you can't be the only angle.
神盾局肯定已经全面调查了我以及我的事迹S.H.I.E.L.D.'s thorough enough to know about me and my exploits.
光凭一张漂亮的脸蛋可制服不了我It takes more than a pretty face to disarm me.
先生  我们的安保被突破了Sir, we have a security breach.
时间掐的真准Oh, the timing on that was perfect.
霍尔博士Dr. Hall.
我是科尔森特工  我们是来营救你的Agent Coulson. We have an exit strategy.
-神盾局  -是的- S.H.I.E.L.D.? - Yes, sir.
我们快离开吧Let's get you out of here.
抱歉  科尔森先生I'm sorry, Mr. Coulson.
这就是我该来的地方I'm right where I'm supposed to be.
说实话I'll be honest,
我们的营救计划可没预料到你会说这话our strategy did not take into consideration you saying that.
化名已确认
化名已确认  正在读取录像存储
化名动态主机配置协议已确认  读取工作站32.29.1录像
糟糕Oh, no.
我不知道奎恩答应了你什么  但是...Look, I don't know what Quinn is promising you, but --
一个机会An opportunity.
我们不能让奎恩掌控它We can't let Quinn have control of this.
太危险了It's too dangerous.
不能让任何人掌控它We can't let anyone have control of this.
所以我才会来这里That's why I'm here --
我要把它和他一起葬在大洋深处to bury it at the bottom of the ocean, with him.
科尔森Coulson.
消息是被The leak came from --
霍尔博士泄露的  我已经猜到了Dr. Hall. Yeah, I'm getting that.
请愿书  禁运令都没法阻止伊恩All petitions, embargoes in the world couldn't stop Ian.
他每天都愈发强大He grows more powerful every day.
然后我听说他发现了这个And then I get word he's found this.
抱歉  科尔森先生I'm sorry, Mr. Coulson.
我得做出选择I had to make a choice.
那貌似不是"关闭"按钮Something tells me that wasn't the "Off" button!
各位  我们得谈谈Guys, we need to talk.
刚才失去联络了Lost you for a minute.
我们知道问题了  长官We're aware of the problem, sir.
霍尔想让奎恩绑架他吗Hall wanted Quinn to kidnap him?
对  他为什么要那样做Yeah, why would he do that?
他有什么毛病啊What is wrong with him?
奎恩建造了一个重力发生器Quinn built a gravity generator,
像我们找到的那个  但是更大like the one we found but bigger.
霍尔知道奎恩需要他来控制原始力量Hall knew Quinn would need him to control its raw power,
但霍尔其实是想使用它but Hall just wanted to unleash it.
我们找到的直径为2.5厘米The one we found was 2.5 centimeters in diameter.
拦截了大卡车It stopped a semi.
你那个有多大How big are we talking?
12英尺12 feet.
绝对能摧毁整个院子It'll definitely take down the entire compound.
-会让那地方沉入海底  -不  不止如此- It'll sink the place. - No, it'll do more than that.
想办法Work a solution.
我去切断电源  免得事态失去...I'll disconnect the power before things get...
控制crazy.
他们没法帮你They can't help you.
它很快就会进入指数加速度状态Soon, it'll reach an exponential acceleration state.
对不起I'm sorry.
我的团队在这里  他们都是好人My team's here -- good people.
发誓保护人类吗Sworn to protect all mankind?
我就是在这么做  我保证That's what I'm doing, I promise --
让一切回归正轨Making things right.
你不明白吗Don't you get it?
神盾局反对你代表的一切S.H.I.E.L.D.'s against everything you stand for.
他们是老大哥They're big brother.
也许吧  但他们是善良的老大哥Maybe, but they're the nice big brother
他挺身而出  帮助因为who stands up for his helpless little brother
偷吃蛋糕when he's getting beat up
而被毒打的无助的弟弟because he ate a piece of cake that he wasn't --
你绑架了一个人you know, you kidnapped a person!
我让他自由了  我救了他I set him free! I saved him!
我本可以救你And I could've saved you.
这地方真大This place is massive.
-我该往哪走  -西南角- Where am I heading? - Southwest corner.
沃德  告诉我你控制住了地面情况Ward, tell me you've got things covered on the ground.
我在这里完全帮不上忙I can't do a damn thing from out here.
我在努力I'm working on it.
告诉我他们在做什么Tell me what they're doing!
告诉我他们在做什么Tell me what they're doing.
你必须交代You have to talk.
不然没法脱身You have no other way out of this.
神盾局根本不在乎你死活You're expendable to S.H.I.E.L.D.
他们什么都不给你  就派你来They sent you in here with nothing.
他们教了我一点东西They taught me a few things.
这妞真有种Kid's got balls.
谢谢  但是  呸Thanks, but...yuck.
但你有勇气扣动扳机吗But do you have what it takes to pull the trigger?
没有Nope.
抓住她Get her.
霍尔Hall.
我们得撤退We have to evacuate.
发动直升机  快Get the chopper. Now!
我想进入奎恩的实验室All I had to do to get access to Quinn's lab
只需留下些线索  创造谜题给他解决was drop little clues, create a puzzle for him to solve.
奎恩喜欢自诩聪明Quinn likes to feel smart.
所以你泄露了自己的位置So you leaked your location.
为什么不和他讲道理Why not try reasoning with him?
你没法和上瘾的人讲道理You can't reason with an addict,
他沉迷于利用机会and he's addicted to exploiting opportunities.
他从不考虑朋友  生态系统He never gives a thought to the friends, ecosystems,
以及毁在他手中的后代future generations left ruined in his wake.
像你以前的学生  菲兹和西蒙斯特工吗Like Agents Fitz and Simmons, your former students?
他们现在在我耳边I've got them in my ear right now,
告诉我你不是个坏人telling me you're not a bad guy.
我们本可以跟你合作We could've worked with you on this.
神盾局吗S.H.I.E.L.D.?
神盾局也同样有罪S.H.I.E.L.D. is just as guilty of the same thing --
只做实验  不考虑后果Experimentation without thought of consequence!
你们对无限能源的探索Your search for an unlimited power source
导致了外星人入侵brought an alien invasion.
有道理Fair point.
这元素对你们而言太过强大T-this element is far too powerful for you,
对他  对谁都是for him, for anyone!
没必要由我来告诉你I don't have to tell you that.
你自己就能感受到You're feeling it now.
过来Come here.
不  不要  求你们了No, no. No, no! Please, please!
受伤了吗Are you hurt?
照我说的做Just follow my orders.
我们离开这儿I'll get us out of here.
我预见了未来  灾难将降临  科尔森先生I see the future, Mr. Coulson, and it's a catastrophe.
我只看到很多人现在有危险I just see a lot of people in trouble.
没反应  菲兹-西蒙斯Nothing. Fitz-Simmons?
我把电源切断了I tried to cut the power.
没用It's still going.
-找催化剂  -你得找到催化剂- Find a catalyst. - You need to find a catalyst.
在核心引发化学反应的东西Something to create a chemical reaction in the core.
现在做正确的事还为时不晚It's not too late to do the right thing.
帮我找到催化剂Help me find a catalyst --
我就是在做正确的事I am doing the right thing --
大公无私的举动A completely selfless act.
我知道历史从不赞美未曾发生的事I know that history never celebrates what didn't happen.
他们会称这为悲剧They'll call this a-a tragedy.
他们不会理解我的义举They won't understand the good I did here.
害死无辜的人Killing innocent people?
拯救百万民众Saving millions.
我们得承担自己做出的选择We have to live with the choices we make,
有时也得随之而死but sometimes we have to die with them, too.
我明白I understand.
你做出了一个艰难的选择You made a hard call.
是的Yes.
现在我也得做出我的选择And how I have to make mine.
汇报情况Say it back to me.
冷藏库最深层Deepest level of the Fridge,
未标记地下室  无进入权限unmarked vault, no access granted.
不得录入  不要登记And no recorded entry. I don't want it listed.
不要标记送往"弹弓"发射基地I don't want it flagged for the Slingshot.
要是让人发现了  我唯你是问  要你好看Anyone finds out, you're responsible -- and suffering.
明白吗Understood?
明白  长官Yes, sir.
霍尔也会希望如此That's what Hall would've wanted.
我以前很拿手的Used to have this down.
应该就是肌肉记忆Should be just muscle memory.
你都养成习惯了  长官You're making a habit of it, sir.
我在努力Trying.
看来我有些生疏了Guess I'm a little rusty.
我是说这种危急局面Of these close calls, I mean.
我不喜欢待在后方I don't enjoy running back end.
你要离开吗You want off the plane?
走吧Go ahead.
我要加入I want in.
下次我要加入战斗Reporting for combat next time it's up.
是为全人类而战  还是仅仅为了照顾我You committed to the cause or just watching my back?
都一样Same thing.
而且你是有些生疏了And you are a little rusty.
你和你的兄弟们You and your brothers -
是在哪长大的where'd you grow up?
多数时间在马萨诸塞州Massachusetts, mostly.
在家里吗A house?
你不是吗You didn't?
有一家One house.
布洛迪一家The Brodys.
我当时九岁I was 9.
一个月后他们又把我送回了圣艾格尼丝Sent me back to St. Agnes after a month.
说我融不进他们家Said I wasn't a good fit.
寄养家庭Foster parents.
第一次吗Your first?
第三次My third.
我以前也听过这话  但是I had heard it before, but...
这次不同This one was different.
因为你想要他们喜欢你'cause you wanted them to like you.
非常想Bad.
我有一次叫她"妈妈"I called her "mom" once...
我尽力了Tried it out.
看来的确是融不进去Guess it wasn't a good fit.
有所期盼却得不到Hoping for something and losing it
比毫无希望伤人更深hurts more than never hoping for anything.
我们不会背弃你We won't turn our back.
无所谓Doesn't matter.
我做出了选择I made my choice.
这是我想要的I want this.
非常想Bad.
而且我知道是有诱供药的And I know there's a truth serum.
随你怎么说  菜鸟Whatever you say, rookie.
漫威《神盾局特工》马上回来Marvel's "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." will return in a moment.