漫威公司出品
神盾局特工第一季 第十九集By aBu 201705
神盾局特工第一季 第十九集By aBu 201705
漫威《神盾局特工》前情回顾Previously on "Marvel's agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."...
你对他们真的一点感情都没有You really felt nothing for them.
我接触过科尔森  他是个好人I spent time with Coulson. He's a good man.
那是你的徽章吗Is that your badge?
看起来像是坐标They look like coordinates.
欢迎  科尔森特工  我们正在等你Welcome, Agent Coulson. We've been expecting you.
这是什么地方What is this place?
弗瑞的秘密基地之一One of Fury's secret bases.
神盾局六级特工  艾瑞克·凯尼格Eric Koenig, agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., level 6.
沃德怎么样了What about Ward?
他和汉德特工He and Agent Hand
现在应该已经把加勒特送到冷藏库了吧should have dropped Garrett off at the fridge by now.
神盾局守卫最森严的设施如今十分脆弱S.H.I.E.L.D.'s most secure facility is vulnerable right now.
没错  我们要去打劫Yeah, well... we're gonna raid it.
这块硬盘上有西蒙斯所有的研究成果This is a hard drive with all of Simmons' research.
她设好程序  一旦有外人想要读取She programmed it to erase all data
就会自动清除所有资料if anyone other than her attempts to access it.
你知道该怎么做吧  罗密欧You know what that means, Romeo.
你编好故事了吗You got your story straight?
我只需要和她独处一会儿  得到情报I just need some time alone with her to get the information.
政府不够透明化的又一例证Another example of this administration's lack of transparency.
你不会把这也怨在总统身上吧You can't seriously be blaming the president for this.
放纵神盾局  疏于监管的人Those who let S.H.I.E.L.D. operate without oversight
就该为此负责should be held accountable.
如果你的党派掌权If your party held the White House,
你会持这种立场吗would you be taking this position?
如果我的党派掌权If my party held the white house,
-就不会走到这一步  -我要搭车- we wouldn't be in this position. - I need a ride.
抱歉  你说什么Sorry. What?
我要搭车去波特兰I need a ride to Portland.
抱歉伙计  我不会绕远200英里Sorry, dude. I'm not going 200 miles out of my way
送你去波特兰just to give you a ride.
好吧Okay.
怎么  难道还是别人的错吗Somehow, it's someone else's fault?
至少...At the very least...
怎么回事What the...
好吧  我放弃  你怎么做到的All right, I give up. How did you do that?
像这样Like this.
...我们不能允许九头蛇和其党羽再次崛起...we cannot allow Hydra and their allies to rise again.
马库斯·丹尼尔斯
恐怕这会留疤I'm afraid this might scar.
好处是有疤显得很牛掰  很危险Upside -- you'll look badass, dangerous.
他会没事的吧He's gonna be fine, though, right?
你退后点别挡害  他就没事了He will if you back up and give me some room.
出了什么事So, what then?
等我们到达冷藏库  已经太迟了By the time we got to the fridge, it was too late.
都被九头蛇控制了It was overrun -- Hydra everywhere.
我们阻止不了他们We couldn't stop them.
他们想要什么What were they after?
一切Everything.
他们拿走了武器  外星物件They took weapons, alien artifacts --
能拿走的一切Anything they could grab.
那么囚犯也都逃走了I assume that means the prisoners are no longer prisoners?
这么说  伊恩·奎恩...So...Ian Quinn...
抱歉I'm sorry.
他逃出来了  都逃了He's out. They all are.
加勒特呢  他也逃了吗And Garrett? Did he get away?
阻止不了他们占领冷藏库Couldn't stop them from taking the fridge,
但我不能让加勒特溜走but I wasn't gonna let Garrett walk...
他做了那么多恶事Not after what he did.
是他打伤了你吗Is he the one that did this to you?
他是很不好对付He was a tough son of a bitch.
得弄得像那么回事We need to make it believable.
过去式"Was"? Past tense?
我一占到上风As soon as I had the upper hand,
就朝他后脑勺开了两枪I put two in the back of his head.
-很好  -一枪为我- Good. - One from me...
一枪为你One from you.
要是我  就把弹匣清空I would have emptied the mag.
你都好了You're all set --
我是说以你的情况  算还好Well, I mean, as set as you can be
肋骨断了两条  颧骨[术语]骨裂With two cracked ribs and a zygomatic fracture.
我给那些不明白的人解释一下Uh, for those of you that don't know what that is, that's a...
是说颧骨[俗称]发丝状骨折Hairline fracture to the cheekbone.
你的身体需要恢复Your body needs time to heal.
慢慢来Please take some time.
明白  谢了Understood. Thanks.
一个小小的胜利One small victory.
九头蛇没拿到这个Hydra didn't get their hands on this.
-硬盘  -是我们团队所有研究- A hard drive? - It's all the research our team's ever done,
从空客上下载的  为了安全加了密Downloaded off the plane and encrypted for safekeeping.
我们到了安全的地方We should probably back it up
应该备份一下now that we're in a secure facility.
首先  斯凯  我需要你做威胁评估First, Skye, I need you on threat assessment.
调一份冷藏库的囚徒名单Pull up a list of all the inmates at the fridge.
我要知道情况有多糟I want to know just how bad this is.
真的很糟This is really, really bad.
奎恩算是威胁性最小的了  他可朝我开了两枪Quinn is the least scary of the bunch, and he shot me...twice.
奎恩是反社会者Quinn's more a sociopath.
很多其他犯人是精神变态者A lot of those inmates are full-blown psychopaths --
暴力且冲动Violent, impulsive.
一些人还有超能力And some with superpowers.
棒极了Lovely.
马库斯·丹尼尔斯在名单上吗Is Marcus Daniels on the list?
就是他That's him.
交叉比对囚犯名单和犯罪数据库Cross-check the list of inmates with crime databases,
近期活动recent activity.
我有预感近期犯罪率会有所提升Got a feeling we'll be seeing a slight uptick.
好的  但需要一点时间Okay, but that'll take time,
还需要一个比笔记本强大一些的设备and more computing power than my laptop.
凯尼格特工也许会有Agent Koenig probably has some sort of --
他一定会帮你的I'm sure he'll lend a hand.
你来时乘的飞机  还能用吗The plane you flew in on -- is it operational?
可以  你需要我驾驶吗Yeah. You need me to pilot?
听西蒙斯的  你留下休息You heard Simmons. You stay and get better.
我带一支小队外出I'm gonna take a splinter team out
去寻找名单上的囚犯and start going after inmates on that list,
从丹尼尔斯先生开始starting with Mr. Daniels.
我想我知道他会去哪I think I know where he's going.
你认为现在离开基地分头行动明智吗Uh, you sure it's wise to split up the team, leave this base?
如果这是九头蛇分散我们注意力的计划呢What if it's part of Hydra's plan -- a distraction?
她说的有道理She's got a point.
弗瑞把你引来这里是有原因的I mean, Fury brought you to this base for a reason.
我们在这里很安全We're safe here.
是的  我们在这里很安全Yeah, we're safe here.
但其他人呢But what about everyone else --
那些没办法找到People who don't happen to have access
秘密地下避难所的人to a top-secret underground shelter?
他们怎么办What about them?
我不知道这是否明智  但肯定是对的I don't know if it's wise, but it's right.
我要带一支小队走  就这样定了I'm taking a team, and that's the end of it.
不  不行  绝对不行No, you're not. Absolutely not.
你不能走  有规定You can't leave. There are protocols.
鉴于整个神盾局都垮了Since the entire agency's pretty much collapsed,
也许现在不是循规蹈矩的最佳时机maybe now's not the time to stand on protocol.
好吧  别管那些规定了Okay, fine. Then forget protocols.
"秘密基地"你是哪个字不明白What part of "secret base" don't you get?
弗瑞让你进来Fury said to let you in,
但你带来了一堆人and you show up with a bunch of people?
-是特工  -随便吧- Agents! - Whatever.
重点是现在他们知道了基地的位置The point is, they know where this place is now,
但我并不了解他们and I don't know them.
九头蛇刚刚把冷藏库的人Hydra just released the entire population of the fridge
都放出来了into the wild.
会有暴力事件  会有人死掉There's gonna be violence. People will die.
而我依然认为做这些人的护盾是我的职责And I still consider it my duty to be the shield that protects them.
演讲很动人  真的Moving speech, truly.
但流程结束前没人可以离开But nobody leaves until they go through orientation.
什么流程Orientation?
好了All right.
你们只需要回答几个问题Just gonna need you guys to answer a few questions,
只是些心理分析  相互无关联的问题a few psychoanalytic, non sequitur questions.
测谎仪A lie detector.
传说中的测谎仪  科尔森特工The lie detector, Agent Coulson.
这个宝贝监测皮肤电反应This baby measures galvanic skin response,
耗氧量oxygen consumption,
微表情  脑电波生物反馈micro-expressions, biofeedback brain waves,
瞳孔扩张  声音指数pupil dilation, voice biometrics --
总共96种参考数据96 variables in all.
弗瑞亲自设计的Fury designed this himself.
他想要个黑寡妇骗不过的测谎仪He wanted a lie detector Romanoff couldn't beat.
结果呢Did she?
你觉得弗瑞会说吗Like fury would tell!
好吧Okay.
越早完成这个步骤  就能越早开工Sooner we get this done, sooner we can get to work.
谁想第一个来So who wants to go first?
我们会从一些简单的问题开始We're gonna start with some easy questions
建立一个基准线  能告诉我你的全名吗and establish a baseline. Can I have your full name?
梅琳达·乔莲·梅Melinda Qiaolian May.
-眼睛颜色  -棕色- Eye color? - Brown.
结过婚吗You ever been married?
一次Once.
你结过婚吗Have you ever been married?
没有No.
请列出你的直系亲属Please list your immediate family.
只有我和我妈妈Just me and my mum.
那么你不打算提你外公吗So you're not gonna mention your grandfather?
这种事我不喜欢宣扬It's not something I advertise.
我不想因为自己的家庭背景被区别对待Didn't want to be treated any different because I'm a legacy.
如果我是个咆哮突击队员的外孙If I was the grandson of a Howling Commando,
我会把那纹在胸前的I'd have that tattooed on my chest.
你的名字是什么What is your first name?
斯凯Skye.
姓什么And what is your last name?
我只有名字  没有家庭  也没有姓Only name. No family. No family name to inherit.
你给自己取名斯凯的And you gave yourself the name Skye?
孤儿院给我起的名字叫Well, the name they gave me at the orphanage
玛丽·苏·粑粑  所以was Mary Sue Poots, so...
小时候  我兄弟和我会给对方取外号When we were kids, my brother and I used to give each other nicknames.
他叫我闪电脚He called me lightning foot.
鸡蛋和石头的区别是什么What's the difference between an egg and a rock?
一个能吃  一个不能Edible. Not.
这太无稽了  不同之处Well, that's absurd. The differences are --
有很多...innumerable.
如果你需要  我可以一一列举  但是If you want, I can start listing them, but then --
我们能说一天...we'll be here all day.
-你听说过洞察计划吗  -没有- Have you ever heard of project insight? - No.
-没有  -没有- No. - No.
与亚历山大·皮尔斯有过接触吗Ever had any contact with Alexander Pierce?
我见过他  握过手I've met him. We shook hands.
加勒特不时会跟他通电话Garrett would get a call from him once in a while,
说他们有共同的朋友Said they had mutual friends.
你孤身一人被冲上一座荒岛You wash up on a deserted island alone.
沙滩上有一个盒子Sitting on the sand is a box.
盒子里有什么What is in that box?
大砍刀Machete.
卫星电话  让我能打电话找人带我离开小岛A sat phone so I can call someone to get me off that island.
多大的盒子How big is the box?
说你想到的第一个答案就好Just say the first answer that comes into your mind.
-盒子里有什么  -西蒙斯- What's in that box? - Simmons.
这问题好难啊That's a hard one.
让我想想Let me think.
时间机器塔迪斯[《神秘博士》]The Tardis.
我想说我的笔记本电脑  充满电的I want to say my laptop, fully charged.
但我又不想显得像危险分子But I don't want to seem subversive
-毕竟我曾是涨潮组织...  -你想多了- with the Rising Tide and all... - you're over-thinking it.
而且选笔记本也太傻了  又没无线网络The laptop would be stupid, anyway. There's no wi-fi.
神盾局已经不存在了S.H.I.E.L.D. no longer exists.
并被定为恐怖组织The agency has been labeled a terrorist organization.
你为什么还在这里So why are you here?
坦白说...Honestly...
我也不完全确定I'm not entirely sure.
我们必须团结一致  在我们信任的人身边We have to stick together, keep the people we trust close-by.
况且  也没有其他人了No one else, really.
我外公当年抵抗过九头蛇My grandfather fought Hydra back in the day.
当时好人赢了  我们这次也能赢The good guys won then. We'll do it again.
科尔森Coulson.
这是我唯一的家It's the only home I've ever known.
恭喜  斯凯特工  去给你拿胸卡吧Congratulations, Agent Skye. Let's go get you a lanyard.
拿到我的后台通行证了Got my backstage pass.
小菜一碟吗Piece of cake?
如果你不介意谈论自己的话If you don't mind talking about yourself.
所以你会很不舒服的So you'll hate it.
玩得开心哟Have fun.
你的全名是什么What is your full name?
我的名字是格兰特·道格拉斯·沃德My name is Grant Douglas Ward.
请列出你的直系亲属Please list your immediate family.
父母  一个姐姐  两个兄弟Two parents, a sister, two brothers.
和他们都没联系了Don't have contact with any of them.
你的基准线波动很严重啊Boy, your baseline's getting a lot of spikes.
你感觉疼吗Are you in pain?
是啊  呼吸时会疼  断了两条肋骨Yeah, only when I breathe. Two broken ribs.
好吧  尽量别动  这可能会影响结果Okay, well, try not to move. It may affect the results.
我尽力I'll try my best.
马库斯·丹尼尔斯本是一个Marcus Daniels was an assistant at a physics lab
物理试验室的助手  该实验室想控制where they were trying to harness the electrical power
黑暗力场的电能of something called Darkforce.
研究什么"黑暗力场"And nothing bad ever happens
当然不会出"坏事"了when you work with something called "Darkforce."
那是一种宇宙辐射  纯负能量It's a form of cosmic radiation, pure negative energy.
不稳定但很强大Unstable but powerful.
你已经知道了  不是吗You knew that already, didn't you?
丹尼尔斯暴露在了其中  结果变得能吸收Daniels was exposed, ended up being able to absorb energy...
任何形式的能量all types.
人脑  心脏  都靠电脉冲维系Well, the human brain, the heart, run on electrical impulses.
没错  他能点人成尸Exactly. He can kill with one touch.
而且我猜他喜欢这么做And I'm guessing he likes to.
我们要击毙他吗Do we need to put a bullet in him?
很遗憾  没那么简单Unfortunately, it's not that simple.
他能吸收大部分常规武器的能量He can absorb the energy of most conventional weapons.
听起来好像无法阻挡He sounds unstoppable.
正如菲兹所说  他的能力不稳定Like Fitz said, his power's unstable.
上一次  我们用强原光Last time, we managed to capture him
照得他过载才得以擒住他by overloading his system with pure light.
向他施加他一时间无法吸收的能量Exposing him to more energy than he could absorb at once.
我们路上肯定能设计出一个释能装置来I'm sure we could engineer some sort of delivery mechanism en route.
我就希望你能这么说That's what I was hoping you were gonna say.
愿作为行动专家  开飞机一起去吗You mind flying, being the specialist on mission?
长官  赴汤蹈火  在所不辞Sir, I'll be whatever you want me to be.
我就希望你能这么说That's what I was hoping you were gonna say.
鸡蛋和石头的区别是什么What is the difference between an egg and a rock?
鸡蛋是食物  石头是武器Egg's a food. Rock's a weapon.
-你听说过洞察计划吗  -没有- Have you ever heard of Project Insight? - No.
与亚历山大·皮尔斯有过接触吗Ever made contact with Alexander Pierce?
没有No.
你孤身一人被冲上一座荒岛You wash up on a deserted island alone.
沙滩上有一个盒子Sitting on the sand is a box.
盒子里有什么What's in that box?
那要看小岛的情况...It would depend on the island...
它在哪  有多大  地势情况where it is, how big, what's the terrain?
有淡水吗Is there fresh water?
说你想到的第一个答案就好Just say the first thing that comes into your head.
一把手枪A pistol.
神盾局已经不存在了S.H.I.E.L.D. no longer exists.
并被定为恐怖组织The agency has been labeled a terrorist organization.
你为什么还在这里So why are you here?
我是一名特工  这是我的职责I'm an agent. It's my duty.
我需要你再重复一遍I need you to give that to me again.
这是我的职责It's my duty.
我要问你一个后续问题I'm gonna ask you a follow-up.
沃德特工  你与九头蛇有关联吗Agent Ward, are you associated with Hydra?
是的Yes.
我们都有We all are.
他们渗入了我们组织的最高层They've infiltrated the highest levels of our organization.
认真点回答Like you mean it.
你是不是九头蛇Are you Hydra?
我忠于神盾局...I'm loyal to S.H.I.E.L.D...
忠于科尔森特工  以及我的队友To Agent Coulson... and to my team.
你在这里还有别的目的吗Do you have another agenda here?
我给你24小时拿到密码  然后离开I'll give you 24 hours to get the password and get out.
那之后After that, well...
除掉他们  带那姑娘来见我Cross off the team and bring the girl to me.
沃德特工  你来此的真实目的是什么Agent Ward, why are you really here?
斯凯Skye.
我是为了她回来的Came back for her.
我想跟她在一起I want to spend time with her.
斯凯Skye.
好吧Cool.
沃德Ward.
我也拿到胸卡了Hey. Got my lanyard.
真好Nice.
你们要走了吗So, are you guys taking off?
是啊  真希望是你而不是崔普一起去Yeah, I wish you were coming instead of Trip.
他真让人难以忍受  对吧He's insufferable, isn't he?
-崔普吗  -是啊- Trip? - Yeah.
我觉得他还行Think the guy's okay.
我知道  他真讨厌  烦人死了I know. He's terrible. He's a horrible person.
你确定这火气是针对他You sure this is about him?
而不是为了西蒙斯吗Not about Simmons?
你这话是什么意思What the hell does that mean?
我们身边的一切都在分崩离析Everything is falling apart around us.
不知道结局会如何We don't know how it'll end.
如果你有什么话想对她说If there's something you want to tell her,
别等了don't wait.
也许西蒙斯该再检查一下你有没有脑损伤Maybe Simmons should check you again for a head injury...
你这样可不像是我认识的沃德...'cause that's not the Ward that I know.
告诉你吧You know what?
你爱干嘛干嘛  我无所谓Do what you want. I don't care.
你回来我很开心Good to have you back.
这趟任务该由我来飞的I should be flying this mission.
我改主意了I made another call.
留在这里Stay here.
把空客的燃料管线修好Get the fuel line repaired on the bus.
我还记得你当初抓丹尼尔斯回来的事I remember when you brought Daniels in.
我知道这事对你有多私人化I know how personal this is for you, but --
我们现在不顾什么私情了We don't do personal... not anymore.
菲尔  我通过了测谎Phil, the polygraph cleared me.
我没有隐瞒任何事I'm not hiding anything.
你是说你没隐瞒什么别的事You mean you're not hiding anything else,
除非你知道塔希提计划的负责人是谁unless you do know who was behind the Tahiti project.
我当时没问I didn't ask.
有命令不让我问I was ordered not to.
换做是你也会这么做And you would have done the same thing.
我们的职责就是服从命令Our job is to follow orders.
判断对错也是我们的职责It's also our job to determine right from wrong.
看着别人苦苦寻求真相Watching someone in agony, searching for the truth,
却什么也不说  那是错的not saying anything -- that's wrong.
听着  我只是想...Look, I was just trying --
别跟我说你是因为太在乎了And don't tell me it's because you care so damn much.
弗瑞死了  不能再给你命令了Fury's no longer around telling you what to do,
那你为什么还留在这儿呢so why are you here?
你想服从命令You want some orders to follow?
那就听我的  要么就离开Follow mine, or find somewhere else to be.
你怎么能确定他会去波特兰How can you be sure he's going to Portland?
丹尼尔斯对那里的一个女人很痴迷Daniels was obsessed with a woman there.
称她为黑暗中唯一光明He called her his only light in the darkness.
几乎有点浪漫了That's almost romantic!
几乎Almost.
他在冷藏库里关了那么久The man's been locked up in the Fridge for years.
肯定已经忘记她了He must be over her by now.
有些人不那么容易忘Some people are hard to get over.
而且  丹尼尔斯有精神病Besides, Daniels is pathologically insane,
一根筋  偏执狂single-minded, obsessive.
他的超能力不仅剥夺了他正常的生活His powers not only robbed him of a normal life,
也烧坏了他的脑子they also pretty much fried his brain.
那个女人呢What about the woman?
奥黛丽·内森Audrey Nathan.
第一次我们就是通过她找到他的She's how we tracked him the first time.
我们找到内森女士  就找到丹尼尔斯了We find Ms. Nathan, we find Daniels.
奥黛丽·内森Audrey Nathan!
什么  有个男人在追我W-what?! There -- there -- there's a man after me!
我们知道  我们是中情局的  上车No, we know. We're with the CIA. Get in!
丹尼尔斯先生  我们不想伤害你Mr. Daniels, we don't want to hurt you.
我们必须拘捕你We need to take you in,
为了你自己和他人的安全for your safety and the safety of others.
就是你  你把我抓到那里去的It was you! You took me there!
他们在那儿对我动了手脚They did things to me there!
他们是想抑制你的能力They were trying to contain you.
不  他们想让我变得更强No! They were trying to make me stronger.
他们做到了And they did.
通常这时候我们该叫增援了Here's where we'd normally call for reinforcements.
他会去哪Where'd he go?
找到了Here's something --
摩洛哥的警方报告  谋杀未遂Police report out of Morocco, attempted murder.
受害人称袭击者来无影The victim says the guy appeared out of nowhere,
去无踪disappeared into thin air.
所有行凶抢劫都像你说的这样Yeah, you just described every mugging ever.
你可真聪明Aren't you clever?
你可真鬼鬼祟祟Aren't you sneaky?
用这东西监视我们所有人Using these to keep watch on all of us.
什么What?
我们想破了脑袋We have been killing ourselves
猜这些人去了哪里trying to guess where these guys went.
如果我们能看到他们呢But what if we could see it,
直接查看犯人离开冷藏库后去了哪get visuals on where the prisoners went after leaving the Fridge?
这是个好主意  但是That's a good idea, but, uh,
如今神盾局的卫星监控系统已经失效right now S.H.I.E.L.D. sat surveillance is dark.
有监控系统的不只是我们Ours aren't the only ones up there.
那附近除我们以外唯一的卫星就只有...Well, the only other satellites in the vicinity that could have --
国安局  你想黑入国安局的系统The NSA. You want to hack the NSA?
这是个坏主意  斯凯That's a bad idea, Skye.
简直太糟糕了That's a terrible idea.
国安局已经在死死盯着神盾局The NSA's already got S.H.I.E.L.D. on its watch list.
为什么还要去招惹他们Why poke the bear --
他们势力庞大  而且无所不用其极the big, scary, waterboarding bear?
我没记错的话  你是一位通讯特工I thought you were a comms agent,
你的职责可不是躲在地堡里打游戏not agent of playing video games while hiding in a bunker.
你别想教唆我...You can't goad me into...
你能帮我劝劝咱们的美国队长穿上制服Can you help me convince Steve Rogers here to suit up,
拿上盾牌  勇敢投入战斗吗grab his shield, head into battle?
好吧  他要去对付谁Okay? Who's he supposed to battle?
如果我们黑入国安局的卫星系统If we hack NSA satellites,
就能获取冷藏库越狱后的录像we can get footage from the Fridge breakout,
看看都有谁  他们去了哪See who was there, where they went.
她说得对  这值得一试Well, she's right. It's worth trying.
我不会黑入国安局You know, I can't hack the NSA,
但我可以上传你给我的硬盘里的资料but maybe I can upload the hard drive you gave me,
调出被他们劫走的那些武器的信息get the specs on the weapons they might be carrying.
你说的没错  但我们没法这么做Absolutely. We should. But we can't.
硬盘的加密程序基于位置The encryption is location-based.
我们得到某个特定地点才能进行解密We'll have to take a field trip at some point to decrypt it.
好吧  就这样Okay! All right.
算你厉害Color me impressed.
去大显身手吧  拿到那些监控录像Now impress more. Get me that footage.
这是通信卫星室的钥匙These are the keys to the comm/sat room.
主机在里面The mainframe is in there.
在那儿黑入系统  然后将图像传到这里来Start the hack but then send the feed to these monitors.
放手搏一把吧Let's live dangerously.
-太棒了  -你大概需要多久- Yeah! - How long before you get visuals?
国安局的卫星比较棘手NSA satellites should be tough.
给我一个小时Give me an hour.
好的Great.
真让人兴奋This is exciting.
看看鬼鬼祟祟到底值不值得Let's see if being sneaky pays off.
我们在这里应该很安全We should be safe here.
他不是被关起来了吗I thought he was locked up.
他越狱了He escaped from prison.
不必担心  这正是我们来的目的You don't have to worry. That's why we're here.
我们会保证你的安全We're gonna keep you safe.
"我们"  你是指中情局吗"We"? Meaning the CIA?
当然  我就是这么说的  不是吗Of course. That's what I said, isn't it?
我们是中情局特工We're the CIA,
就是中央情报局...The central intelligence agency...
派来的人people.
不是的You're not.
你们是神盾局的人  对吗You're S.H.I.E.L.D., aren't you?
我们只是想帮助你  我们不是坏人We're just trying to help. We're not the bad guys.
我知道I know.
我不相信现在关于神盾局的报道I don't believe what they're saying about S.H.I.E.L.D.
神盾局曾救过我一命The agency saved my life once before.
几年前A few years ago,
丹尼尔斯来看我的演奏会  坐在第一排I saw Daniels at one of my concerts, front row.
接着  他开始来看我每一场演奏会Then I started seeing him at all of them.
起初  我倍感荣幸At first, I was flattered.
大提琴手一般没有什么乐迷Cellists don't get many groupies.
但有一天晚上  他出现在我家门口But then one night, I saw him outside of my house.
我吓坏了I was terrified.
我求他别来骚扰我I begged him to leave me alone.
可他就站在那儿  说我是他的光明He just stood there, saying I was his light.
当时我不知道他是什么意思I didn't understand what he meant
直到他把我们整个街区弄得一片漆黑until he started blacking out my entire block.
我逃跑并向警察求助I ran and called the police.
但他们都不相信我They didn't believe me.
然后一个神盾局特工出现在我家门口But then a S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent came to my door.
不知道为什么  但我莫名地信任他I don't know why, but I trusted him right away.
或许跟他帅气的脸庞有关吧Something about his face -- the handsome part, maybe.
他简直像从天而降He just swooped in. It was like...
就像电影里演的那样out of a movie.
你们俩关系很亲密吗You two were...close?
非常亲密Very.
他向我保证他会制止丹尼尔斯He promised me he would stop Daniels.
而他也做到了And that's exactly what he did.
所以我相信神盾局That's why I know I can trust S.H.I.E.L.D.
菲尔从不会骗我Phil never lied to me.
菲尔Phil?
菲利普·科尔森特工Agent Phillip Coulson?
我听过这个名字I've heard the name.
刚刚  奥黛丽说的Is that -- Audrey was --
你们俩是...You two were...
-没错  -好吧- Yeah. - Okay.
他后来怎么了What happened to him?
他因公殉职了He died in the line of duty.
我也不清楚具体情况I don't know the details.
当时我们正准备一起去海边旅行We were planning a trip up the coast,
然后我就接到了那通电话and then I got the call.
你一定很想念他You must miss him.
他死后很长一段时间  我无时无刻都想着他For so long after he died, everything reminded me of him.
我仍时常会梦见他I still dream about him sometimes,
我们俩在一起  开怀大笑just us together, laughing.
每天醒来  我都觉得他在守护我I wake up feeling like he's watching over me.
这感觉很好It's nice.
也许你该过去Maybe you should go in there.
不  她正在走出来No, she's healing.
开始自己的新生活She's getting on with her life.
我们该帮她好好活下去We should help her do that.
我想出一个彻底解决丹尼尔斯的办法了I think I know a way, how to stop Daniels for good.
但我们必须利用她把他引出来But we would have to use her to draw him out.
不行No.
听见了吗  绝对不行Do you understand? That's not acceptable.
我也不愿意这么做  但我们没别的办法了Well, it's not ideal, but there's no other choice.
我不会再让她身陷险境了  这对她不公平I won't put her in danger again. That's not fair to her.
但是长官  她已经处于危险之中了But, sir, I'm sorry, but she's already in danger.
而且你自己也说  丹尼尔斯一根筋And you said it yourself -- Daniels is single-minded.
他很危险  不达目的绝不罢休He's dangerous. He won't stop until he gets what he wants.
修得怎么样了How's it coming?
空客能飞了吗Is the bus operational?
损伤还是有的  但已经可以飞了Still banged up, but she's ready to fly.
输油管已经修好  油也加满了The fuel line's been repaired, and the tank's full.
能飞多远What's the range on this thing?
不到一万英里Just under 10,000 miles.
你要走了吗Are you leaving?
没错Yeah.
我是为了科尔森来的I was here for Coulson.
但他始终不肯原谅我骗了他But he can't see past me lying to him.
我理解你为什么那么做I get why you did it.
接到命令  就得无条件执行When you get orders, you don't question 'em.
必须遵守命令You follow 'em...
不惜一切代价No matter the price.
是啊  但这个代价太高了Yeah, well, this price was too high.
我失去了他I lost him.
科尔森不想要我在这儿Coulson doesn't want me here.
他也不需要我了He doesn't need me.
那我该怎么跟他说So, what should I tell him?
随你了  反正他也不在乎Whatever you want. He won't hear it.
怎么样了How's it going?
不管你信不信  斯凯真黑进去了Believe it or not, Skye got us in!
国安局所有卫星监控记录都到手了We have access to the NSA's complete sat-feed history!
这姑娘厉害啊That girl's good.
你眼光真不赖I can see why you like her.
图像还有点模糊Uh, the images are a little patchy,
但很快就能解析出来了but they're gonna clear up any second.
看来冒险有时候还是值得的Uh, I guess living on the edge really pays off sometimes.
确实Yeah. Sometimes.
如果他没来呢What if he doesn't show?
他被关起来之前Before they put him away,
他从不错过你的排练  对吧he never missed a rehearsal, right?
-是啊  -那这次他也会来- No. - Then he won't this time, either.
别担心  我们就在附近Don't worry. We'll be close.
你只需要一直演奏下去All you need to do is keep playing
直到丹尼尔斯接近舞台until Daniels gets close to the stage.
然后交给我们就行We'll do the rest.
上次抓他可用了整整两队神盾局特工呢Last time, there were two whole teams of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents.
看见那里了吗See up there?
我们最精英的特工在里面待命Our best agents are watching.
我保证  他们不会让你出事的I promise. They won't let anything happen to you.
我从飞机的动力储备拿来了这些I pulled these from the jet's power reserves.
西蒙斯非要我带手套Simmons made me wear gloves.
这姑娘真是太教条了She's so uptight, that one.
长官Sir.
很好  这东西能阻止他吗Good. Can they stop him?
这个装置能调整Okay, well, this will modify
舞台灯光的频率和波长the frequency and wavelength of the stage lights,
不过到那时就不能叫光了although technically they wouldn't be lights at that point.
-更像是伽马射线  -就说管不管用吧- More like gamma rays. - Tell me this will work.
我把丹尼尔斯交给神盾局是想让他恢复正常I gave Daniels to S.H.I.E.L.D. to rehabilitate him.
结果他们强化了他的能力Turns out, they just gave him an upgrade.
也有极小的可能性Well, I mean, there's a slight chance
他能吸收这些射线  获得更多能量he would absorb the energy and gain more power,
但可能性极小but it's unlikely.
你刚说是谁发明了这项技术来着Who did you say created this technology, again?
布鲁斯·班纳[绿巨人]Bruce Banner.
那肯定一点问题都不会有Then I'm sure it'll go off without a hitch.
艾瑞克Eric.
艾瑞克Eric?
你成功了You did it.
凯尼格说你真黑进国安局了Koenig said you managed to hack the NSA.
看来是这样  他去哪了Yeah, it looks that way. Where did he go?
他正在向北约  中情局和国际刑警发送资料He's sending everything over to NATO, CIA, Interpol.
他大概希望他们能Guess he hopes they'll take it
把这视作神盾局的善意之举as a sign of good faith from S.H.I.E.L.D.
挺高明That's smart.
不过看来我只拿到一堆空屋顶的录像啊Though, looks like all I got was lots of views of an empty rooftop.
梅走了May's gone.
-走了  去哪了  -她离开基地了- What do you mean "gone"? Gone where? - She left.
我想就算我问她要去哪  她也不说的I'm sure if I asked where, she wouldn't have told me.
也不说再见  一点表示都没有So, no goodbye? No nothing?
她对我们真是一点感情都没有  是不是She never felt anything for us, did she?
她把我们耍得团团转只为了监视科尔森She just played us so she could keep an eye on Coulson.
那是她的任务That was her mission.
你对她有感觉吗Did you feel anything for her?
没有Um...no.
我们从彼此那里得到的唯一慰藉就是不必动感情The only comfort we took in each other was knowing we didn't have to.
感觉这种事可没得选You can't choose to feel.
一般来说  我可以Usually, I can.
但我们之间不同It's different with us.
"我们"这个词好重啊"Us" is a strong word.
我知道我吻了你  但话说回来I mean, I know I kissed you, but to be fair,
当时我以为我们有97%的可能性...I thought there was a 97% chance we were gonna...
会死die.
但我们没死But we did'n tdie.
是件好事Which is good.
确实是件好事Yes, that is very good.
但也不用急着就"我们"了吧But there's still no rush on us being an "us."
现在不是恋爱的好时机It's not like it's a good time to start anything.
永远都没什么好时机There's never a good time.
总得迈出第一步  不是吗We've got to start somewhere.
你快行动吧  丹尼尔斯就快来了You better get going. Daniels will be here soon.
别担心  你不会有事的It's ok. You will be fine.
你为什么不告诉她真相Why don't you tell her the truth --
告诉她你还活着That you're still alive?
长官  她说起你的时候Sir, it's just the way she talks about you
感觉你们的感情真的很美好sounds like you two had something nice.
没错We did.
那么你并不是害怕告诉她So it's not because you're afraid to talk to her.
我不想再伤害她I don't want to hurt her again.
再说了  我又不能留下Besides, it's not like I can stay.
我们还有职责在身We have a job to do.
没错Yeah.
如果你是这样想的  你表达的方式可真奇怪If that's how you felt, you had a funny way to show it.
行动专家很少跟人沟通Specialists don't spend time with a lot of people.
和我们打交道的又都是同一类人[剪裁自同样的布料]The ones we do, we're all cut from the same cloth.
黑色特工服吗Black kevlar?
职责就是完成任务Trained to get the job done,
控制好感情keep emotions in check.
但你  你很不同But you -- you're different.
很糟糕的不同吗"Different" bad?
对我来说很糟糕Bad for me.
我不要时刻都想着你I didn't want to think about you.
我要专注于工作I wanted to stay focused.
但我看到你中枪And then I saw you after you were shot...
拼尽全力要活下来的时候fighting to stay alive?
你说的没错But you're right.
我是个黑制服特工  你不是I'm kevlar. You're not.
你不用这样You don't have to be.
不用这样拒人于千里之外You don't have to shut people out.
不  我得这样Yeah, I do.
有些关于我的事...There are things about me...
你知道了肯定不会喜欢that you wouldn't like if you knew.
你以为我没有秘密吗You think I don't have skeletons?
这不一样It's different.
你是个...You're...
好人good.
你也是啊So are you.
不总是Not always.
我对你撒谎了I lied to you.
我哥哥...My older brother...
他没有揍我弟弟He didn't beat up my younger brother.
他比这更残忍He was crueler than that.
他逼我去做He made me do it.
而我让他这么做了And I let him.
我很怕他I was afraid of him.
那你父母呢What about your parents?
他们更糟They were worse.
我不是个好人  斯凯I am not a good man, Skye.
不  你是好人Yes, you are.
一定是有个伤口裂开了Yeah, one of my -- one of my cuts must have just opened up.
让我帮你Let me help. Let me help.
不用  不用No, no, no, no. No.
我去冲洗一下就好I just need to clean up.
你在这里啊  埃里克There you are, Eric.
别停No.
继续演奏Keep playing.
很抱歉我吓着你了I'm sorry I scare you.
我知道我是个怪物I know that I'm a monster.
但只有你可以拯救我But you're the one that can save me.
加油Come on.
埃里克Eric?
太奇怪了That's weird.
埃里克Eric?
埃里克Eric.
沃德Ward.
珍玛Jemma.
不要No.
求求你Please!
不No.
不会的No.
不会的No.
不Oh, no.
斯凯Skye?!
斯凯Skye!
他是九头蛇He's hydra.
斯凯Skye!
你安全了You're safe.
我还在这里I'm still here.
我发誓  我会继续守护你I promise. I'm still here with you.
菲尔Phil.
你还好吗Are you okay?
我...I...
我以为...I thought...
他刚刚在这里He was here.
这次感觉好真实了Seemed so real this time.
大概思念太深产生了幻觉See what we want to see, I guess.
大概是吧I guess so.
你以为我会躲在小房间里吗Think I'd be hiding in a closet?
我正纳闷你去哪了I was wondering where you went.
我回了房间  你却不在I went back to the room. You weren't there.
为什么乱跑Why did you leave?
说实话吗Truth?
好啊I'd appreciate it.
你吓到我了You scared me.
对我坦诚心事  还有那个吻Opening up, and that kiss -- which...
虽然那个吻感觉很不错was a very nice kiss, I admit.
我没想到会吓着你I didn't mean to scare you.
当时我并没多想  只是跟着直觉走I don't exactly over-analyze. I just act impulsively,
但反应过来后吓到了and then I freak out after the fact.
现在缓过来了吗Are you still?
嗯  现在好了No. I'm good.
这是我想要的I want this.
你呢  你想要什么And you? What do you want?
我只想留在这儿  和你一起What I want... is to stay here with you
假装外面的世界不存在and imagine the world outside doesn't exist.
但外面的纷争还在But the world outside does exist.
刚收到菲兹的消息  他们需要我们帮助I just got word from Fitz. They need our help.
空客已经加好油等着了The bus is fueled up, ready to go.
-我们应该跟凯尼格讲一声  -我刚跟他说过- We should tell Koenig. - I just did.
他去外面开机库大门了  我们得赶紧走He's headed outside to open the hangar doors. We're in a hurry.
等我去拿点东西I just got to grab a couple things.
我们必须马上走We need to go right now.
当然了  咱们走吧Of course we do. Lead the way.
长官Sir.
你没事吧Is everything okay?
她说我从没骗过她  可今天我骗了她She said I never lied to her. Today, I did.
但至少她现在还安全地活着But she's alive and safe. We did that, at least.
为什么不告诉她真相呢Why didn't you tell her the truth?
我会的  有朝一日吧I will. Someday, I guess,
希望到时她能理解when there's a chance she'll understand.
回去以后  我也得和梅修复关系When we get back, I need to make things right with May.
如果我都不能原谅她How can I expect Audrey to forgive me
又怎么能期盼奥黛丽会原谅我呢if I'm not willing to do the same?
我去问问崔普还要多久能到I'm gonna check with Trip and see how much longer we have.
-我们得谈谈  -是吗- We need to talk. - We do?
崔普利特特工觉得你对他似乎有不满Agent Triplett thinks he's done something to upset you.
菲兹  如果你是在怀疑他的忠诚Fitz, if you're questioning his loyalty in any way,
我能保证...I can assure you --
-跟他无关  -那你是为什么- It's not him. - Well, what is it, then?
你了解我的  我不喜欢改变You know how I can be. I hate change.
我们的空客呢Where's our bus?
还有队员呢And our team?
不知道啊I don't know.
太美了It's so beautiful.
我们是要去波特兰吗So, are we off to Portland?
菲兹觉得我们在秘鲁找到的Actually, Fitz thinks the 0-8-4
等离子体射线能派上用场plasma ray we found in peru might help.
我们不是把它发射去太阳了吗Didn't we jettison that to the sun?
对  但菲兹保存了它的参数Yeah, but Fitz has the specs on it.
存在硬盘里On the hard drive.
你想让我破解硬盘You need me to decrypt the hard drive.
是团队需要The team does.
由于解码要配合特定坐标  斯凯特工And since it's coupled to specific coordinates, Agent Skye...
听你的  接下来去哪You're in charge. Where to next?
《神盾局特工》马上回来Will return in a moment.
加拿大  安大略
你这是做什么  我们得马上走What are you doing? We have to go.
-500英里  -什么- 500 miles. - What?
开了500英里  你连句"谢谢"都不说500 miles, and I don't even get a "Thank you."
我正想说...I was just about to --
-太晚了  -...多谢你- It's too late. - ...thank you.
都说了太晚了I said too late.
你可以打给任何人  为什么找我You can call anybody you like. Why me?
我需要找信得过的人I needed someone I can trust.
情况真那么糟啊That bad, huh?
拿到了吗Did you get it?
我虽然退休了  但人脉还在I may be retired, but I still have contacts.
我所在的机构可没有四分五裂And my agency hasn't fallen apart.
要知道  还有其他人在找她You're not the only one looking, you know.
很快就能找到她She won't be hard to find.
我知道I know.
你不会是想除掉她吧You're not gonna take her out, are you?
不  妈  我只想和她谈谈No, mom. I just want to talk.
那就好  我一直挺喜欢玛丽亚的Good. I've always liked Maria.