漫威公司出品
神盾局特工第一季 第十五集By aBu 201705
神盾局特工第一季 第十五集By aBu 201705
漫威《神盾局特工》前情回顾Previously on "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."...
你救了斯凯的命You saved Skye's life.
这是什么What is it?
为什么你还不高兴Why aren't you happy about it?
在下面Being down there...
亲眼看见我复活的地方Seeing where I came from --
我突然害怕她会像我一样遭受折磨I just got really scared that she would suffer the way that I did.
沃德特工和我在上床...Agent Ward and I have been having sex.
-如果有什么负面影响  -我就和他断了- And if it's a problem... - I'll end it.
洛茜的沙漠绿洲
我去买点东西就回来I got to grab something real quick.
很快的  亲爱的I'll be right back, my love.
瞧瞧啊Get a look at that.
美人儿H-hey, darlin',
你这样的美女  男人可以随便挑gal like you could have any man you want.
为什么跟那个衰仔结婚Why did you marry that little dude?
他很有钱吗He loaded?
他不是我丈夫He's not my husband.
是我今天早些时候从新娘手里抢来的I took him from his bride earlier today.
我需要他护送我I needed him to provide safe passage.
你惹上麻烦了吗You in trouble?
如果你需要躲风头的地方'cause if you need a place to lay low for awhile,
这里就不错this is as good as any.
那是什么野兽呀What kind of beast is that?
1987年款经典软尾It's a 1987 heritage softail.
如果你想听听响儿  可以上我的摩托You can hop on mine, you want to feel a roar.
棒极了How grand.
你叫什么名字What is your name?
我手下叫我雄鸡My men, they call me Rooster.
你还有手下吗You have men?
你是他们的首领吗You are their leader?
是的Last time I checked, yeah.
你和你的手下现在效忠于我You and your men now serve me.
他在骚扰你吗This guy bothering you?
不  他是我的人了No. He's with me now.
什么What?
不No!
我才是你的人I'm with you!
你说我们会永远在一起  记得吗You said we'd be together forever, remember?
我说我们会在一起  直到最后I said we'd be together till the end.
这就到最后了It is the end.
你是谁Who are you?
我叫罗蕾莱I'm Lorelei.
好了Now...
给我介绍下我的手下吧...introduce me to all of my men.
不行  我说什么来着No! What did I say?
该死  每次都被发现Damn it. Every time.
你就像有个传感器It's like you have a sensor
-我屁股一离开床你就能知道  -躺回去- for whenever my butt lifts off the bed. - Back in it.
-我就想伸伸腿  -赶紧躺回去- I just want to stretch my legs. - Now.
看  我脸色好多了Look! There's color in my cheeks.
呼吸时也不会...Breathing without...
觉得整个身体都在燃烧  我好得很...feeling like my whole body's on fire. I'm good.
"好得很"不适合描述你的身体状况"Good" is not the appropriate word to describe your state.
你中了两枪  胃部被击穿You've been shot twice, had your stomach perforated,
呼吸管插在你的喉咙里and a breathing tube shoved down your throat.
"好点了"更准确"Better" is the more accurate word.
又抽血Again with the blood drive?
要抽干了好吗I'm not gonna have anything left.
我不太喜欢西蒙斯医生Not sure how I feel about Dr. Simmons.
好严格呢She's so strict.
还认死理And pokey.
谁叫病人斯凯不听话又固执呢Well, patient Skyes unruly and stubborn.
还很感激And grateful.
希望你知道I hope you know that.
不是我一个人做到的I didn't do it alone.
可我还是...Still, I'm the most...
最最最最感激的病人"Grateful-est-est" patient alive.
哪有那么个词That's not even a word.
现在不方便吗This a bad time?
如果你是来救我走的话  很方便It is if you're here to bust me out.
典狱长把软禁期限延长了The warden has extended house arrest.
口音学得太烂了Terrible accent.
我看起来一定糟糕极了I must look terrible!
西蒙斯不肯给我镜子Simmons won't even bring me a mirror.
我见过更糟的I've seen worse.
多谢夸奖Wow. Thanks.
不  我是说No, I mean,
你看起来比濒死时好多了You look better than when you were dying.
说错话就别补救了  沃德Swinging and a-missing, Ward.
很高兴看到你It's great to see you...
好些了Better.
我独自一人闯进去太莽撞了It was so stupid to go in there alone.
别再多想了There's no point in doing that now.
你很勇敢You were brave.
多亏了你  神盾局的特工都知道Thanks to you, every S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent in the country knows
麦克·彼得森还活着Mike Peterson's alive.
你跟他们说他那条神奇的腿了吗You tell them about his magic leg?
我没有那么描述  但说了I didn't call it that, but yes.
加勒特特工在负责追查麦克Agent Garrett's running point on Mike.
认为他可能属于一个叫死亡战士的计划Thinks he's part of some project called Deathlok.
他看起来确实像死了  你真该...He looked like death. You should have...
他都不愿看我He wouldn't even look at me.
他们对他做了什么  他需要帮助They did something to him. He needs help.
没人帮得了他了He's past help.
他当时和你在一起  斯凯  他本应保护你He was there with you, Skye -- could have protected you.
但他却任由你受伤He let this happen to you.
就这点我永远不会原谅他And I'll never forgive that.
我得更好地保护自己  所以Well, I-I need to better protect myself, so...
等西蒙斯说我没事了when Simmons gives the all-clear,
我们就开始训练吧we'll start training?
我们循序渐进地恢复训练We'll ease you back into it.
不  我要严格训练No. I want to train harder.
下一次  我不想指望什么神奇药物来救我Next time, I don't want to depend on some miracle drug to save me.
她开始怀疑我为什么抽那么多血了She's beginning to get suspicious of all the blood I'm taking.
也难怪No wonder.
你一天要测试多少个样本How many samples have you tested each day?
远远不够Not enough.
不够找出她和科尔森的血液中到底有什么Not enough to find anything in her blood or Coulson's.
我们把药剂注射到她血液里后There isn't ample residue remaining in the vial to examine
试管里就没有足够的残留让我们检验了after we emptied it into her bloodstream.
只找到一个太遗憾了Such a pity we only found the one.
很抱歉我没逗留到Well, excuse me for not sticking around
被炸成碎片long enough to get blown to pieces.
这神奇药物的最后一点样本都在斯凯体内It's just that the last sample of this miracle drug is inside Skye.
-一点东西都检测不到吗  -嗯- You can't find any trace of it? - No.
她在以指数级的速度康复She's healing at an exponential rate,
但我检测不到任何细胞层面的异常but I can't detect anything irregular on a cellular level.
你跟科尔森说过And you've explained to Coulson
你得把样本上传到总部吗that you need to upload the samples to H.Q.?
他阻止了我  让我保密He shut me down, said to keep it in-house.
这药物或许能成为前所未有的突破I mean, this drug could be a phenomenal breakthrough,
挽救无数生命could save countless lives.
他为什么这么紧张呢Why is he being so twitchy?
你当时在地堡里Well, you were down in the bunker with him.
你发现什么奇怪的事了吗Did you see anything peculiar?
每件事都很奇怪Everything was peculiar.
弗瑞局长千方百计救你性命Director Fury moved heaven and earth.
内有生物危害物质
不  别给她注射药物No! Don't give it to her!
要知道  一般求朋友帮忙时You know, usually, when a friend wants a favor,
人们都会表示表示they do something nice --
带我去个高档餐厅  给我买瓶好红酒Takes me to a nice restaurant, buys me a bottle of wine.
要手拉手去看个电影吗Want to go to a movie, hold hands?
好吧  但我要先问你个问题Okay. But I need to ask you a question first.
我不知道弗瑞局长在哪I don't know where Director Fury is.
别这么吃惊Don't be so shocked.
安静如你  这次闹得动静可不小For a quiet guy, you make a lot of noise.
你这次收回多少人情债了How many favors have you called in?
显然还不够Clearly, not enough.
有什么我能帮你的吗Something I can help you with?
好吧Fine.
但以弗瑞的级别  他要玩消失But Fury is a high-level agent who's off-grid.
除非他想找你  否则你找不到他You don't find him unless he wants to find you.
你也干过这种事呢You did something like that once, too.
记得吗  我还没问过你呢Remember? I never asked you.
塔希提怎么样How was Tahiti?
很糟It sucked.
新命令New orders.
神盾局在加州和内华达州交界处空中S.H.I.E.L.D.'s detecting massive energy readings
监测到了高能量读数in the skies above the California/Nevada border.
科尔森特工去哪了Where's Agent Coulson?
处理一些私事Taking personal time.
都好几天了That's a couple days straight.
这些读数与塞尔维格博士和福斯特博士These are the same readings Dr. Selvig and Dr. Foster
在新墨西哥州和伦敦检测到的一样picked up in New Mexico and in London.
说明有阿斯加德人要来了They herald the arrival of an Asgardian.
-托尔吗  -不确定- Thor. - Not sure.
不管怎样Either way,
神盾局要我们去迎接来者S.H.I.E.L.D. wants us to be the welcome wagon.
好吧  好的O-okay. Fine.
不需要担心  对吗No cause for concern, right?
阿斯加德人是我们的盟友Asgardians are allies.
洛基就不是Loki wasn't.
菲兹Fitz?
我们越来越靠近了Yeah, we're definitely getting close,
但不是很靠谱but it's a bit of a crap shoot.
这毕竟是我们尚不完全理解的技术This is still science we don't completely understand.
最近似乎总发生这种情况Seems to be a lot of that going around lately.
科尔森还没跟你谈过吗So, Coulson hasn't talked to you
关于他为什么突然不想给斯凯注射药物了about why he changed his mind on giving Skye that injection?
没有No.
他不肯说He's keeping it to himself.
检测到能量激增I'm getting a massive energy surge,
数值是之前的三倍Three times the level of the one before.
有多近How close?
绝对是阿斯加德人Yeah, definitely Asgardian.
正进行面部识别Running facial recognition.
查到了Okay, got it.
姓名不详  但可以确认I don't have a name, but I can confirm
她曾在新墨西哥跟托尔等人并肩作战she was in New Mexico, fighting with Thor and his mates.
她是我们这边的She's on our side.
退下  她没有恶意Stand down. She's a friendly.
你们是神盾局的吗You are of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
嗯Yeah.
我是阿斯加德的希芙女士I am lady Sif of Asgard.
地球面临巨大的危险Your world is in grave danger.
她是个战士She's a warrior.
我在新墨西哥见到她和托尔一同作战I saw her fight in New Mexico with Thor --
她爬上巨大的杀戮机器climbed a giant metal killing machine,
用她的剑刺穿了那机器speared it with her double-bladed sword.
挺厉害的It was pretty badass.
她说需要神盾局帮她找个人She says she needs S.H.I.E.L.D. to help her find someone.
你可以处理吗You up for this?
我没事I'm fine.
你看起来不像没事"Fine" doesn't look like this. Not on you.
常常不见你踪影You've been gone more often than not.
你有什么烦心事  可以跟我讲Whatever's bothering you... i'm here.
我知道I know.
这是什么黑魔法What dark magic is this?
托尔说你死在洛基手下了Thor said you perished at the hand of Loki.
他没说错  是死了一会儿And he was right... for awhile, anyway.
但并不只有洛基会绝招But Loki wasn't the only one with some tricks up his sleeve.
神盾局也有自己的绝招Turns out, S.H.I.E.L.D. had a few of their own.
托尔听到你没死会很高兴Thor will be pleased to hear it.
他把你当做朋友He considers you a friend.
我也是I feel the same,
所以如果可以的话  我想which is why I'd prefer he hear it from me,
亲自告诉他if that's okay.
听说你在找人I understand you're looking for someone.
我在追捕她  罗蕾莱I am hunting her. Lorelei.
600年前  她用她的能力600 years ago, she used her powers
造成了九大王国的浩劫to wreak havoc across the nine realms,
她指挥军队  颠覆王国和君主to command armies, bring down kings, empires.
是什么样的能力What kind of powers we talking about?
力大如牛  还是快如闪电Strength? Speed?
是妖术Sorcery.
她扭曲男人的意志来达成自己的目的She bends and shapes the will of men to her own purpose.
只是男人吗Only men?
她的妖术对女人不起作用Her powers don't work on women?
对No.
男人有与生俱来的弱点  女人没有Men have an inherent weakness we do not share.
真不知道她在说什么I can't imagine what she's talking about.
单是她的声音就能收服绝大多数男人The very sound of her voice can ensnare most.
对那些极少数能抵抗诱惑的男人For the rare man who can resist,
她就靠声音外加触碰it's her voice joined by her touch
足以摧毁男人的意志力that will overpower his will.
那要怎么阻止她So, how do we stop her?
用这个With this.
可以让她说不了话It prevents her from speaking.
她在狱中数百年都戴着这种东西She wore one like it for centuries while locked in prison.
黑暗精灵入侵阿斯加德时她越了狱She escaped when the dark elves invaded Asgard
利用洛基连接各王国的秘密通道and came here using one of Loki's secret pathways
逃来了这儿between worlds.
知道她现在在哪吗Do we know where she is now?
我只知道彩虹桥把我送到了她最后出现的地方All I know is the bifrost delivered me to her last known location.
那边都是小镇Mostly small towns out that way.
先从方圆几百英里范围内的Let's start looking for unusual activity
异常情况查起within a few-hundred-mile radius --
入室盗窃  偷窃  袭击事件等burglary, theft, assault.
如果这女人以前统治过帝国If this woman's used to ruling over empires...
她肯定不容易满足she's gonna be hard to please.
我要的是金子I wanted gold!
你却给我拿来纸You bring me...paper?!
这是现金It's -- it's cash.
就像金子一样It's like gold.
是这里的货币This is the currency here.
这丑女人是谁And who's this ugly woman?
这是本杰明·富兰克林Uh, that's -- uh, that's Ben Franklin.
当过总统Used to be president.
曾统领整个国家Used to rule this whole country.
女人可以统治你们王国  是吗And women can rule your land, can they not?
你会是创历史的第一人Well, uh, y-you'd be the first.
对  我会的Yes. I will.
你搞什么  杜威What the hell, Duane?!
滚开Move! Move!
我给你发了一天短信  担心死了I have been texting you all day, worried sick!
还以为你死在什么鬼地方了thought you were dead in a gutter somewhere.
别这样  宝贝  没什么可担心的Don't, baby. There's nothing to worry about.
我只是把手机关了I-I just turned off my cellphone
罗蕾莱受不了那个噪音'cause the noise was bothering Lorelei.
那是我的衣服吗Are those my clothes?
为什么那女人穿着我的衣服  杜威Why is this woman wearing my clothes, Duane?
她说的杜威是谁Who's this Duane she speaks of?
是我  我的真名叫杜威It's, uh -- that's me. My -- my real name's Duane.
-她这么叫我  她是我老婆  -对- She calls me that. She's my wife. - Yeah.
你喜欢她胜过我吗Do you prefer her to me?
她跟你比起来什么都不是Sh-she is nobody next to you.
什么都不是  真的吗Nobody?! Really?!
"什么都不是"是这酒吧的老板"Nobody" owns this bar.
都给我出去  出去You know what? Everybody out. Out!
我们打烊了  都出去We are closed! Out!
这噪音真让我心烦  雄鸡I'm tired of this noise, Rooster.
让她闭嘴Make it stop.
他不叫雄鸡  那是His name is not rooster! It's --
我很抱歉  宝贝I'm sorry, baby.
你实在是太吵了You're just making too much noise.
这是过去48小时里These are files of every police report
你降临地点周围一百英里内within 100 miles of where you arrived,
所有的警方报告everything from the last 48 hours.
你如果想浏览这些信息  只需要When you want to sift through the information, you just...
-我知道怎么做  -碰这里- I'm familiar. - ...touch the -- oh.
这是我们和其他王国早就淘汰了的系统It's an antiquated system we and other realms had ages ago.
你去过不同的国度You've... visited other realms,
见过不同的种族  外星人seen different species, aliens.
他们当中有蓝色皮肤的吗Have you ever encountered any that were...blue?
当然有Yes, of course.
哪些是Which ones?
英特戴人  莱维安人  费拉格人Uh, Interdites, Levians, Pheragots,
科里人  撒克斯人  赛塔里安人Kree, Sarks, Centaurians,
还有一千年前试图征服地球的霜巨人The frost giants tried to conquer your earth a millennia ago,
但阿斯加德打跑了他们but Asgard drove them away.
是吗  那真是谢谢了Oh. Well, thanks for that.
其他的那些And the others --
最近有来过地球吗have any of them been here recently?
别担心  菲利普  科尔之子Rest easy, Phillip, son of Coul.
《雷神》用过的梗  Coulson→son of Coul  古挪威语习俗
其他的那些从未来过地球None of the others have ever visited earth.
就是这个  珠宝抢劫案There -- a robbery of jewels.
案件报告  珠宝店抢劫案
案件报告  武器店抢劫案
还有这个  武器店被机车党抢劫And there -- a gun-store robbery by guys on Harleys.
这比我担心的来得还快It's happening faster than I feared.
她在召集人手  收集金子和武器She's amassing men, gold, weaponry.
罗蕾莱在组建她的大军Lorelei is building an army.
查到那些人去了间机车酒吧Traced the men to a biker bar
叫做"洛茜的沙漠绿洲"called Rosie's Desert Oasis.
罗蕾莱可能就藏在那里Probably where Lorelei's hiding out.
我们十分钟后和一支神盾局护卫队在那儿碰头Meeting a S.H.I.E.L.D. convoy there in 10.
很好Good.
那这些好家伙就能派上用场了Then you can show off these beauties.
这些都是"好梦"枪吗These all night-night guns?
用的是同样的技术Based on the same technology,
但不再叫这名字了but we're not calling them that anymore.
-也该改了  -我叫它们冰冻枪- About time. - They're called icers --
行动力丧失子弹发射...Incapacitating cartridge emitting --
真不错They're great.
你还减掉了那一盎司And you lost the ounce.
我还把阻滞力增大到了三倍And I tripled the stopping power.
但与麦克和蜈蚣战士的较量But I did realize after our run-ins with Mike
让我意识到and Centipede...
抱歉  我们需要更强力的武器Sorry. ...um, that we needed something stronger, better.
你不是不喜欢用枪吗Thought you didn't like guns.
不  我是说如果需要的话  我会夺的No, I always say if I need a gun, I'll take one.
我们会需要这些的Ah. We'll need these.
对付被人控制的人时When you're up against people who are being controlled,
会很难分清他们是友是敌sometimes it's hard to distinguish friend from foe.
有了这个  我们就不用顾忌了This way, we can take out either.
希芙女士呢Where's Lady Sif?
可以出发了吗Shall we?
罗蕾莱向来喜欢宫殿和城堡Lorelei's tastes run toward palaces, castles.
这比她通常的落脚点寒酸多了This is far more humble than her usual abode.
吸引她的不是这个地方  而是里面的人The draw wasn't the place. It was the manpower.
里面被她控制的有多少人How many men does she have in there?
你见到嫌疑人了吗Have you seen the suspect?
是的  见到了Yes, we have.
她可真美And she's beautiful.
那是怎么回事What is that?
看来我们引起了执法部门的注意Well, it seems we've caught the attention of the law.
你发誓要为我而战的You swore to fight for me.
是的  我说到做到Yeah, and I will.
但他们的火力太强大了But they got a lot of firepower out there.
外面还有个穿得像中世纪战士的妞I mean, hell, they even got some medieval-times chick.
她还拿着剑什么的She's got, like, a sword and everything.
希芙Sif.
我们被两面夹击了They're on us from both sides.
这样很难瞄准Be hard to get off a clean shot.
希芙女士  你能给我们一点掩护吗Your ladyship, can you give us a little cover?
这掩护可真到位Very literal interpretation.
谢谢你Thank you.
-安全  -男人都待在外面- All clear. - Men, stay outside.
让希芙去抓罗蕾莱Let Sif take Lorelei.
沃德  去后面  包围酒吧Ward, head around back. Surround the building.
罗蕾莱Lorelei...
还在操纵男人替你干坏事啊Still manipulating men to do your dirty work, I see.
你还是差那么一两步啊And I see you're still a step or two behind.
你知道最后会是什么结果  罗蕾莱You know how this ends, Lorelei.
主动跟我走吧So come willingly.
你是错以为我怕你吧You mistake me for someone who fears you.
我曾打败过你I've bested you before.
难道你忘了吗Or have you forgotten?
弄死她Tear her apart.
听着Look.
我相信你是个讲道理的人I'm sure you're, uh, a reasonable guy...
雄鸡...Rooster.
雄鸡  不是吧Rooster? Really?
你是个优秀的战士You're a fine warrior.
没错I am.
把手放在背后  跪下So put your hands behind your back and get on your knees.
都是男人跪在我面前Men kneel before me.
我不会屈从于他们I do not bow to them.
这里需要支援Gonna need some backup over here.
你不需要那个That is not what you need.
带我去一个豪华的地方  配得上统治者Take me somewhere grand, deserving of a ruler,
配得上女王a queen.
我知道该去哪I know just the place.
不管在哪个世界  罗蕾莱的背叛不变Lorelei's treachery remains unchanged, no matter the world.
我们会找到他们的We'll find them.
这一带所有的特工都在找Every agent in the area is out looking.
有什么用呢To what end, hmm?
颈环被弄坏了The collar... has been broken.
除了杀她  我们无法终结她的魔法Short of death, we have no means to end her enchantment.
我来操心这个吧Let me worry about that.
待在这儿Stay here.
别把我的飞机砸个洞出来And try not to punch a hole in my airplane.
沃德变成傀儡了吗So, Ward's what? Like, a pod person?
不  据希芙女士说No, according to Lady Sif,
被罗蕾莱控制的男人并没忘记the men Lorelei controls don't forget
他们是什么人  知道什么事who they are or what they know.
她只是成为了他们唯一的欲求She just becomes the embodiment of all their desires.
那等我们找到了他们So once we find them,
可以破除她的魔法什么的we can break her mojo or whatever
让沃德恢复意志  对吗and get Ward back, right?
是的  只要给罗蕾莱戴上颈环Yes, once the collar's back on Lorelei's neck,
魔法就会消失  但问题就在这儿the enchantment ends, but that's the problem.
颈环在沙漠时中弹了The collar caught a shotgun blast back in the desert.
你觉得你能修好吗You think you can fix it?
这个嘛Well...
这种金属  这个重量The metal, the weight --
跟狂暴战士手杖很像It's similar to the berserker staff.
但它仍有无数的未知变量But it presents its own set of countless unknown variables.
给你几个小时Got a couple hours.
好吧Yeah.
我能做什么What can I do?
沃德失踪了  你不许说没什么And don't you dare say nothing or tell me
或是让我坐在这儿数天花板的瓷砖to sit down here and count ceiling tiles while Ward is missing.
沃德在世界各地都有储物箱Ward's got drop boxes and storage lockers all over the world.
里面有现金  武器和身份证They're filed with currency, weapons, I.D.s.
他会利用化名  现金He's gonna use aliases, cash --
用一切手段让我们找不到罗蕾莱Anything to keep Lorelei off the radar.
而你是最会找人的You're the best radar we have.
找到他们Find them.
长官  能跟你说几句吗Sir, may I have a moment?
是关于GH325的It's about the GH-325.
-你发现什么了吗  -没有- Have you found something? - No.
因为资源有限  我碰了壁I've hit a wall because of my limited resources.
药物的化学成分很陌生The drug's chemical properties are foreign to me,
这就很让人震惊了which is startling in its own right.
我们已经说过很多次了We've been over this.
所以我再次请求So I'm requesting once again
送一份斯凯的血液样本到总部做进一步研究to send a sample of Skye's blood to H.Q. for further study.
-不行  -为什么- That's not an option. - Why?
不用我向你解释这药物的好处吧I don't need to explain to you the benefits of this drug.
你亲身体验了它的威力You've experienced them firsthand.
不行  这是命令No. That's an order.
这个理由不够好That's not a good-enough reason!
长官  你作为我指挥官  我需要对你负责I have a duty to you, sir, as my commanding officer.
但作为神盾局的科学家  我也有责任But I also have a duty as a S.H.I.E.L.D. scientist
追查到底  拯救生命to pursue this, to save lives!
考虑到沃德的近况  我们应该Given Ward's recent situation, we should --
为了保守这药物的秘密Two men laid down their lives
两个人死在一个布满了炸药的地堡里in a compound rigged with explosives to keep this drug hidden.
我们还不知道为什么We still don't know why.
在那之前Until we do,
在我们从弗瑞那儿得到答案之前until we speak with fury and get some answers,
那药物和它的秘密都不得外泄that drug and its mysteries stay in-house.
专心执行任务Focus on the mission.
罗蕾莱俘虏了沃德Lorelei has Ward,
而我们完全不知道他被她带到哪去了and we have no idea where she's taking him.
凯撒宫殿酒店
能找到你真是幸运I am fortunate to have found you.
你很有本事You are quite resourceful.
只是训练有素而已Just well trained.
才不是No.
你要比沙漠里那些人好无数倍You are worlds apart from those men in the desert.
我不傻I'm not an idiot.
我知道你对我  像对那些飞车党一样不在乎I know you value me no more than those bikers back there.
但是  我根本不在乎The truth is... I don't care.
因为你的感受吗Because of what you feel?
我之前曾对一个队友有感觉I've felt something before for someone on my team.
现在看来很幼稚It seems foolish now.
我愿为你而死  任何男人都如此I would die for you. Any man would.
但我不想要别人But I don't want them.
我只要你I want you.
你更强大You're stronger...
颇有狂暴战士风范的真男人a real man with the rage of a Berserker inside.
你要为我组建一支军队You will present me with an army.
作为回报  我会送上大礼And I will give you a gift in return.
我刚到这里的时候When I first arrived here,
还以为地球不会让我满意I thought Earth left much to be desired.
但从这里望去  真是太美了But from here, it's quite beautiful.
过去600年来I've spent the last 600 years
我都被关在又黑又冷的囚室locked away in a dark, cold cell...
我的喉舌被锁住My throat shackled,
我的声音被压制my voice silenced.
备受煎熬Torture.
你再也不用回去了You never have to go back there.
但希芙还在追杀我But Sif is on the hunt.
她不眠不休  永不放弃She will not rest. She will not stop.
而我则永无宁日And I will not know peace.
那我们就把她解决了So we take her out of the equation.
彻底消除威胁Eliminate the threat.
很多阿斯加德的敌人The graves of Asgard's enemies are littered
因轻视希芙而死with men who underestimated Sif.
你不能重蹈覆辙Do not make the same mistake.
你并不了解她You do not know her.
是No.
我是不了解I don't.
但那些与她合作的人But the people she's working with now...
我还是了解的I know them.
我能试试吗May I?
你使过剑吗You have experience with swords.
是的Yes.
但我更喜欢用拳头But I prefer to use my hands.
精神可嘉Admirable.
但要小心But be warned --
罗蕾莱极擅格斗Lorelei is quite skilled at combat.
那为什么还要拉同党Then why co-opt men?
还要迷惑别人替她战斗Why have them fight for her?
这个嘛Well...
我认为这让她觉得刺激I believe it gives her a thrill...
尤其是已心有所属的男人especially if the man is already taken.
再说  最强的战士也需要一支大军And, besides, even the best warrior needs an army
才能攻城略地to conquer an empire.
所以这符合她一贯风格So her pattern remains.
她拉拢最骁勇的战士She attaches herself to the strongest warrior she can find
然后掀起血雨腥风  大肆破坏and then unleashes a swath of blood and destruction.
和他在一起的那人  沃德The man she's with -- Ward --
他十分厉害He's as lethal as any.
是我们中最优秀的One of our best.
原来如此I see.
我也曾有过相似经历  梅琳达·梅I've been where you are, Melinda May.
一位我十分关心的人  被她迷惑A man I cared for, under her spell,
迷惑之深  甚至抛弃了家人so enchanted, forsook his family,
朋友  还有我his friends, me.
坚定意志  准备做必须的事Steel yourself to do what might be necessary.
你的沃德特工Your Agent Ward --
他不是我的人He's not mine.
现在的确不是了Well, that is certainly true now.
沃德特工已经不是你认识的那个人了But Agent Ward is no longer the man you knew.
他绝不会对你心慈手软He will not hesitate to kill you.
沃德杀不了我Ward won't kill me.
别让你的个人情感影响判断Do not let your feelings cloud your judgment.
我没有I'm not.
他大概会试图杀我He might try to kill me,
但他没那个本事but he won't.
监控摄像头拍到了他们Security cameras just caught sight of them.
如果罗蕾莱想要一群富庶听话的男人If Lorelei wants an army of wealthy, pliable men,
那我得说她刚中了头彩I think she just hit the jackpot.
-安全  -安全- Clear. - Clear.
卧室安全Bedroom clear.
厨房安全Kitchen clear.
安全Clear.
她走了She's gone.
彻底搜查整间套房Turn this suite upside down.
是  长官Yes, Sir.
我知道你说过你们的事不会有负面影响I know you said you and Ward wouldn't be a problem.
但我也知道如果有  你也不会告诉我But I also know you wouldn't tell me if it was.
菲兹  这里到处是摄像头Fitz, there are cameras everywhere in this town.
追踪所有监控Track them all.
城里的监控完全查不到他们的踪影No sign of them on any surveillance around the city.
可能性本来就不大It was a long shot.
沃德熟悉我们的策略  知道要避开摄像头Ward knows how we work, knows to avoid cameras.
我扩大了搜索  并启动了卫星支援Well, I expanded my search, got satellite support running.
会找到他们的We'll find them.
我还有一个好消息I do have a bit of good news.
我修好了罗蕾莱的颈环I fixed Lorelei's neck collar.
让我检查确认一下Let me inspect it to be sure.
阿斯加德的金属远不同于这个星球上的矿石Asgardian metal is much different from the ore of this planet.
不过你会发现颈环没问题了Sure, but I think you'll find it's up to snuff.
就在你房里It's in your room.
你和沃德受过相同的训练You and Ward have the same training.
你们如出一辙You're cut from the same cloth.
如果是你  你会逃去哪里If it was you, where would you run to?
阿斯加德金属密度很大Asgardian metal is so dense.
找到合适的工具就行了Just had to find the right tools, really.
但你看吧  一点划痕也没有But you'll see -- not a scratch on it,
因为Because, yes...
我就是那么厉害I am that good.
做得好Well done.
你确实很聪明You really are quite clever.
如果我是沃德  我不会逃If I was Ward, I wouldn't run.
我会消灭对我最大的威胁I'd take out my main threat.
飞机在起飞  为什么我们起飞了We're taking off. Why are we taking off?
那敲打声是怎么回事What is that pounding?
我去看看I'll go and investigate.
-你  -待着别动  知道了- You -- - Stay put. I know.
有人把我们锁在这里了Someone locked us in.
-菲兹  -长官- Fitz? - Sir.
沃德和罗蕾莱在空客上Ward and Lorelei are on the bus.
颈环和希芙在哪Where's the Collar and Sif?
在里面  所以我才在这儿看着In there. That's why I'm standing guard.
可不能让希芙出去伤害罗蕾莱Would not want Sif to get out and hurt Lorelei.
当然了Of course we wouldn't.
罗蕾莱要我去地下室And Lorelei wants me to go down to the basement,
看住楼下的两个女孩子keep an eye on the girls downstairs.
已经把她们锁在里面了Already locked them in.
不能让她们搞砸罗蕾莱的计划Cannot have them mucking up Lorelei's plan.
长官  她是最棒的  不是吗She's the best, isn't she, Sir?
是的  她不同凡响Yep. She's something else.
你可真英勇啊Aren't you the brave one?
你抢了我的飞机You took my plane.
我要拿回来I want it back.
要知道Well...
我们并不总能心想事成We can't always get what we want.
但事实上Actually...
我就能I can.
牢笼
我去取回希芙的剑I will retrieve Sif's sword.
那把剑在我手里会更合适It will look better in my hand.
沃德  你不会想这么做的Ward, you don't want to do this.
我们就打算这样This was the plan.
除掉希芙  夺取飞机Cross off Sif, take the plane,
消灭阻挡我们的障碍Eliminate anyone in our way.
别挡她的道Get out of her way.
这是她的计划  不是你的It's her plan, not yours.
战胜心魔Fight it.
我了解你  你是个战士I know you. You're a fighter.
是她吗Is this her?
拥有一颗冰封之心的美丽战士The beautiful warrior with a heart of ice?
他现在与我心灵相通His heart now beats in concert with mine
也只在乎我and mine alone.
没必要牵扯到我们身上No reason to make this about us.
他跟我说了在我之前他喜欢过谁He told me who he desired before me.
可是亲爱的But, my dear...
那人不是你it wasn't you.
西蒙斯在哪Where's Simmons?
你这是要干什么What the hell are you doing?!
长官  你Sir, are you...
是你吗You?
当然是我Of course I am!
菲兹把希芙关在了牢笼里Fitz has Sif trapped in the cage.
我们得把门打开  放她出来We need to unlock the door, get her out.
怎么了What?
科尔森  他们打开了气闸Coulson, they opened the airlock.
她不见了She's gone.
恐怕她已经被吸出飞机了I'm afraid she was sucked out of the aircraft.
开什么玩笑  她可是阿斯加德人Are you kidding? She's Asgardian.
希芙还在外面  解锁  让她进来Sif's still out there. Unlock it. Let her in.
你跟我来  我需要你帮忙You, come with me. I need your help.
还有什么吩咐吗Anything else I can do to be of service?
好  我就等在这儿Okay, good. Good. I'll be right here.
别纠缠我了Leave me in peace.
回阿斯加德去Return to Asgard.
留你在这儿While you remain here?
休想I think not.
系统覆盖控制
她在干什么  不What is she doing? No!
我在这儿就不会威胁到阿斯加德Here I will no longer pose a threat to Asgard.
你就不能放过我吗Can you not let me be?
在你心里找到一丝的怜悯Find some small mercy within your heart?
我心与此无关My heart has no place in this.
我接到命令要带你回去I have orders to bring you back.
都这么多年了  你还一点没变All these years, and you're still the same Sif,
听令行事doing as you're told,
臣服在指挥你的人脚下heeling at the feet of those who command you...
从不去争取自己想要的Never to get what you desire --
包括哈尔多尔not Haldorr,
还有not...
托尔Thor...
一个更多把你当宠物而非女人的男人a man who considers you more pet than woman.
把剑还我  罗蕾莱Hand me my sword, Lorelei.
看到没  这就是我们的区别See, that's the difference between you and I.
我不听令行事I don't take orders.
加油啊  亲爱的Stay strong for me, baby girl.
加油You stay strong.
西蒙斯Simmons.
你不该出现在这儿的Hey, you're not supposed to be up here.
沃德  我们好像有大麻烦了Ward, I think we have a big problem!
你最好快回去  西蒙斯You better get back here, Simmons.
你不能乱跑  知道吗You cannot be running about, okay?
罗蕾莱不想任何...Lorelei does not want any --
-菲兹  -长官- Fitz.  - Sir?
可怜的家伙Poor thing!
被打晕的总是他  是吧He's always getting knocked out, isn't he?
杀了我吧Kill me.
我宁可死  也不愿回那地方I'd rather die than go back to that place.
休想那么轻易解脱You will not get off that easy.
怎么了Why?
这不是你想要的吗It's what you want.
我能从你眼中看出来I can see it in your eyes.
还是你想听到自己心爱的男人Or would you rather hear about how the man you loved
像狗一样跟着我followed me around like a dog...
听他如何触摸我  亲吻我hear of his touch, his kiss,
他看我的眼神...the look in his eyes when I --
继续说啊You were saying?
很抱歉Sorry about this.
等一下Wait. Wait. Wait.
对不起I'm sorry.
是我It's me.
我回来了Okay? I'm back.
他说的是实话He speaks the truth.
那就好Good to know.
很抱歉My apologies.
很不幸给你们的飞船造成了损坏The damage caused to your flying boat was unfortunate.
更糟的它也经历过It's seen worse.
我向你们保证I assure you,
罗蕾莱会为对人类Lorelei will be punished severely
犯下的罪行受到严惩for the crimes against your people.
她犯下那么多恶行It must have been hard for you...
要你看开  放手after everything she did,
一定很难to move past it, to let it go.
奥丁下令活捉她Odin ordered her back alive.
作为他的战士As one of his warriors,
我遵从他的意愿I bow to his will.
不计代价后果吗Regardless of what it cost you?
就像你们的神盾局  我们也受规矩的约束Much like your S.H.I.E.L.D., we are bound by our code.
很荣幸能与你们并肩作战I am honored to have fought by your side.
我去运行诊断程序I'll run diagnostics,
看看飞机损坏情况怎么样see how much damage we're dealing with.
那你自己呢How much are you dealing with?
他没打断我什么...He didn't break anything, so --
我指的不是这个Not what I meant.
你应该跟他谈谈You should talk to him,
说清楚hash it out.
你也应该这么做And you should take your own advice.
招待所之后你就有心事You've been sitting on something since the Guest House.
不想跟我说的话  就跟斯凯说吧If not with me, then with Skye.
你应该告诉她在那里看到了什么She deserves to know what you saw down there.
我想着I figure...
让你再揍我一次I let you punch me again,
不停地揍repeatedly,
-你不如...  -没关系- j-ust why don't you just --  - It's fine.
有关系It's not.
我无意...I never intended...
我不想伤害...I didn't want to hurt --
你没伤害我You didn't.
我早说过  我不会被你伤害That was never a risk with me. I told you that.
你是说过You...you did.
我们谈完了吧Seems like we're done here.
好吧Okay.
但如果罗蕾莱说的是实话But if what Lorelei said was true...
你对她比对自己更诚实...you were more honest with her than you are with yourself.
我没说你很脆弱I'm not saying you were weak.
我是说所有男人都很脆弱I'm saying all men are weak.
长官Sir.
我理解你为什么要打我I understand why you had to punch me.
我原谅你了I forgive you.
我能和斯凯单独谈谈吗Can I get a moment alone with Skye, please?
好的Yeah.
我知道这表情  我有种预感I know that face, and something gives me a feeling
我得做好心理准备I should be sitting down for this.
我一直在想怎么告诉你I've been looking for a way to tell you this,
到处寻找答案looking around for some answers,
希望找到合理的解释something to help... explain...
但我找不到...but I don't have any.
所以So...
那个药the drug,
救了我们俩的药the one that saved us both --
我们找到它时  我发现了其他的东西When we found it, I discovered something else.
我找到了它的原料Its source.
原料是...It was...
外星人alien.
你是说...A-alien, as in...
不常见吗unfamiliar?
不是No.
我知道那是什么之后The minute I learned what it was,
就立即试图阻止他们给你注射I tried to keep them from injecting you with it,
但已经来不及了but I was too late.
我很抱歉 斯凯I'm so sorry, Skye.
你是想救我的命You were trying to save my life.
而且你救了我You did save my life.
我为此不顾一切  因此让你承受I was desperate to, and so I subjected you
未知的影响或副作用to unknown ramifications or side effects.
很抱歉这样说  但是长官...I'm sorry to say this, sir, but...
那又怎样So what?
我们现在还活着We are alive.
你注射那个东西已经有...And you've had that stuff in you for...
有一段时间了  你不还好好的吗uh, some time now, and you're okay, right?
再说了  你也没长出尖尾巴什么的Plus, you're not sprouting a pointy tail or anything,
所以更不错了so bonus there.
我知道你无所畏惧  但这次你该感到害怕I know nothing fazes you, but this should faze you.
我们对此一无所知We are completely in the dark on this.
我们本来就活在未知中That's where we live.
我是084I'm an 0-8-4.
天知道这又是什么意思Who knows what the hell that means?
至少我们在共同面对At least we're in the dark together.
没错Yes.
但不会太久But not for long.
之前束缚我的那些规章制度都见鬼去吧To hell with any protocols or any code I used to be bound by.
我们有一大串的问题有待解答We have a long list of questions we need answers for,
我们要自己去找答案and we're going after them ourselves.
如果大家都同意Well, if the team's up for it --
不  听我说No. No, listen to me.
我很信任他们  但我们不能告诉他们I trust them, but we need to protect them from this.
弗瑞用尽手段保守这个秘密Fury went to dangerous lengths to keep this under wraps --
不惜对我撒谎  对神盾局撒谎lied to me, lied to S.H.I.E.L.D.
这是个惊天秘密  有人甚至为它而死This is a powerful secret, a secret men died for.
在我们找到答案之前  我们不能告诉任何人Until we know why, we can't share this with anyone,
为了他们的安全  也为我们自己for their safety and ours.
明白了Got it.
那接下来干什么  ACSo, what'll it be, A.C.?
我们先去找谁What do we go after first?
打伤了你的人The person responsible for this.
我们要让他付出代价And we make him pay.
《神盾局特工》马上回来We'll be back in a moment.
不  听我说No, listen.
我很信任他们  但我们不能告诉他们I trust them, but we need to protect them from this.
弗瑞用尽手段保守这个秘密Fury went to dangerous lengths to keep this under wraps --
不惜对我撒谎  对神盾局撒谎Lied to me, lied to S.H.I.E.L.D.
这是个惊天秘密  有人甚至为它而死This is a powerful secret, a secret men died for.
在我们找到答案之前Until we know why,
我们不能告诉任何人we can't share this with anyone,
为了他们的安全  也为了我们自己for their safety and ours.
加密线路安全Encrypted line secure.
梅琳达·梅特工Agent Melinda May.
更新日志93Update log 93.
他知道了He knows.
重复一遍I repeat...
科尔森知道了Coulson knows.