漫威公司出品
神盾局特工第一季 第十七集By aBu 201705
神盾局特工第一季 第十七集By aBu 201705
漫威《神盾局特工》前情回顾Previously on "Marvel's Agents of s.H.I.E.L.D."...
你就是千里眼吗You're the Clairvoyant?
他被情感蒙蔽了理智He let his emotions get the best of him.
他不会善罢甘休的  斯凯And he wasn't gonna stop, Skye.
我不能允许那种事发生I wasn't gonna let that happen.
我担心他杀错了人I'm worried he killed the wrong man.
千里眼没有超能力The Clairvoyant doesn't have abilities.
他有的是安全权限He has security clearance.
他是神盾局特工He's an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
为什么梅在驾驶员座舱有一条未授权加密线路Why would May have an unauthorized encrypted hard line in the cockpit?
放下  梅Put it down, May!
你听谁的命令  谁是真正的千里眼Who do you answer to?! Who's the real Clairvoyant?!
我们这是去哪Where are we going?
我不知道  不是我干的I don't know! I didn't do it!
飞机降落后  干掉飞机上所有人When that plane touches down, take out everyone on board.
除了科尔森特工Except Agent Coulson.
他是我的He's mine.
塔台  我是神盾局E3Tower, this is S.H.I.E.L.D. Echo-3.
有两架无人机跟在我后边I got a pair of UAVs on my six.
友方吗  完毕These friendlies? Over.
离得再近一点  就要碰上我的喷气流了They're gonna hit my jet wash, they get any closer.
怎么回事What is that?
放下武器Drop the weapon.
-科尔森  -给我把武器放下- Coulson. - Drop the damn weapon
踢到楼梯这儿来  梅  快点and kick it over to the stairs, May, now!
快Now!
后退  到那边去Now back the hell up! Over there!
说  你把飞机航向改去哪里了Talk. Tell us where you rerouted the plane.
-不是我改向的  我发誓  -别骗我- I didn't set this new course. I swear! - Don't lie to me!
别装了  飞机都转向了Yeah, well, the plane just turned around, for god's sake!
那这是怎么回事How is this happening, then?
总部可以覆盖控制飞机的自动驾驶H.Q. can override automated control of the avionics,
想让咱们去哪就去哪take us anywhere they want.
让我查看一下仪表板  我就能Let me check the instrument panel, and I'll be able --
-想都别想  -不解释清楚  你哪都别想去- No way! - You're not going anywhere till you explain what --
不是我It's not me!
为什么你有一条加密线路Why did you have an encrypted hard line?
被我发现后还朝我开枪And try to shoot me when we found it?
-大家都冷静一下  -算了- Let's take a breath, huh? - Let's not!
那是一条专用线路It was a dedicated channel...
打给弗瑞局长的to Director Fury.
这是实话That's the truth.
弗瑞局长Director fury?
我几周都没能跟他通上话了I haven't been able to get him on the line for weeks.
你在向他汇报You were reporting to him?
我只能说这么多That's all I can tell you.
别再装了Oh, just come out with it!
你只能说这么多That's all you can tell us?!
我在执行命令I'm under orders!
弗瑞会告诉你的Fury will tell you.
怎么  开枪也是命令吗What -- was this an order?
朝我脑袋开枪To shoot me in the bloody head?
等等Hold on.
我们这不是去弗瑞那儿We're not headed to Fury anymore.
我不知道我们要去哪I don't know where we're headed.
我没法联系上弗瑞  因为菲兹把线路切断了And I can't get Fury on the line because Fitz cut the line!
斯凯让我切断的Skye told me to!
有人在与千里眼联络Someone was talking to the Clairvoyant,
真正的千里眼The real Clairvoyant.
当时你也在那里  菲兹You were in the walls, Fitz.
想解释一下  你为什么要鼓捣卫星电缆吗You want to explain why you were tampering with the plane's sat cable?
这事现在不重要Sure, because that's relevant!
别想把事情扯到我身上Don't try and turn this around on me!
菲兹Fitz.
我是想跟在中心的西蒙斯联系I was trying to speak to Simmons at the Hub.
要用加密线路吗And you needed an encrypted line?
-为什么这么神秘  -你说呢- What's so secret that you -- - Well, you tell me!
西蒙斯和我知道你俩在交头接耳Simmons and I know you two have been whispering,
不告诉我们keeping things from us,
救了你们命的药的事about the drug that saved your life.
西蒙斯只是想弄明白Simmons is just trying to figure out
那药是怎么回事how the whole thing works!
菲兹Fitz.
她和谁说过这事Who is she talking to?
菲兹  把门打开Fitz, open the door.
不行  除非我们把这事搞清楚No way -- not until we sort this out.
-我不会打开的  -把门打开- I'm not opening anything. - Open the door.
你不把门打开我们什么事都搞不清楚We can't get anything sorted until you open the damn door!
斯凯  用你的笔记本电脑连上我们的系统Skye, get your laptop hooked up to our systems.
看看能否找到任何神盾局的通讯记录See if you can pull up any S.H.I.E.L.D. communications.
我要知道飞行的目的地和原因I want to know where this plane is headed and why.
科尔森Coulson --
你待着别动You stay put!
告诉我西蒙斯和谁说过这事Now tell me who Simmons is talking to.
如果那人我们信不过'cause if it isn't someone we trust,
她现在的处境会很危险she's in serious danger.
西蒙斯特工Agent Simmons.
我还在想你溜到哪去了呢I was wondering where you snuck off to.
你很忙吗You busy?
是的  但没关系Yes, but that's okay.
今天这里好吵It's noisy here today.
很多人都在执行任务A lot of guys in action mode.
我四处打听了I asked around.
好像是个八级任务Guess it's a level eight operation of some sort.
我也没想到能独占这个屋子I was surprised to have this room to myself.
你在忙什么呢So, what are you working on?
科尔森的队伍可真神秘啊Coulson's team is awfully secretive,
即使是以神盾的标准even for this organization.
你在隐瞒什么吗  特工Are you hiding something, Agent?
没有  不是什么重要的事No. It's just nothing important.
希望如此I hope not.
因为我记得我们找到了一种Because I remember us tracking down a drug
救回一个濒死的女孩的神药that brought a girl back from the brink,
那东西可非同小可and that was real important.
是啊  我知道Yes. I know.
仔细想想Come to think of it,
我好像不记得你上报过它I don't remember seeing it in the dispatches,
布莱克特工肋骨被打断时你也没提起or you mentioning it when Agent Blake got his ribs caved in.
那是因为我I wasn't in a positi--
如果你有办法救他却不去做'cause if you had the means and you didn't use them,
他的伤亡也要算在你头上that blood is all over your hands, too.
我知道I know.
我在尝试I'm trying.
听着  有人为了保守这秘密而死Look. Men died to keep this secret.
我们还不明白个中原因We don't understand why,
所以出于安全考量  目前研究要保密so we wanted to keep our research in-house for safety.
-什么研究  -如今遇到了瓶颈- Research? - That's hit a dead end.
我正在上传斯凯的血液扫描结果I'm uploading Skye's blood scans.
我想私下联系神盾局学院的韦弗特工I would like to contact Agent Weaver at S.H.I.E.L.D. Academy covertly.
寻求帮助For a little help.
但这事一定不能让其他人知道But we must keep this between us.
拜托了  我不想惹麻烦Please, I don't want any...trouble.
你是五级特工You're level five?
我的六级权限可以使用全息电话My level-six clearance gives me access to the holobox --
那是加密线路secure line.
但我们怎么把那玩意弄到这儿来But we can't sneak that in here, can we?
汉德特工似乎让所有人都忙得不可开交Agent Hand seems to be keeping everyone busy.
没问题的We'll be good.
但如果有人问起来But, hey, we get questioned,
让我来应付let me talk.
你撒谎的能力可真差  西蒙斯特工You're a surprisingly bad liar, Agent Simmons.
我知道I know.
但我正在进步But I'm getting better at it.
噪音是什么意思What do you mean, "noise"?
就是实实在在的噪音I mean literally noise
遍布了每一个神盾局通讯频道across every S.H.I.E.L.D. communication channel.
好像是一种覆盖信号Some sort of blanket signal.
-可能是编码的数据  -我也这么想- Encoded data, maybe. - I think so.
你要给我们解释一下吗You want to fill us in?
我们发现你是内奸We root you out -- a mole --
突然间飞机罢工  通讯中断suddenly our plane shuts down, our communications jammed.
我也不知道是怎么回事  我也希望我知道I don't know what's happening. I wish I did.
-你必须相信我  -不  我不信- You have to believe me. - No, I don't.
能收到吗  能收到吗  616号Do you read? Do you read, 6-1-6?
这是哪里来的信号Where's that coming from?
很近Close.
我被敌方飞机追击  完毕Enemy aircraft on my tail. Over.
-加勒特  -科尔森  我被攻击了- Garrett? - Coulson, I'm under attack.
是无人机Drones.
重复  神盾局的无人机一直粘着我Repeat, S.H.I.E.L.D. drones are on my ass.
-它们不太友好  是否收到  -收到- We're not getting along. Do you copy? - Copy.
加勒特  出什么事了Garrett, what's happening?
我们失去了飞机的控制权We've lost control of our aircraft.
我知道才怪Hell if I know.
告诉我你飞机上有武器Tell me you got guns on that thing.
我这就朝你靠拢I'm coming to you.
菲兹  你能手动把机枪Fitz, can you manually wire the guns
接到武器控制室  绕过我们的系统吗to weapons control, bypass our system?
如果线够长的话  可以If I have cables long enough, yeah.
斯凯  解码信号  我们得先他们一步Skye, decode the signal. We need to get ahead of this.
我今天不想再遇到任何意外了I don't want any more surprises today.
发生了什么What happened?
她是个沉睡者She's a sleeper.
我是指卧底的那种沉睡者I mean the other kind of sleeper.
等等  你在说什么Wait. What are you saying?
她一直在向别人汇报我们的情况She's been reporting on us this whole time.
控制激活了  长官Controls are live, sir.
加勒特  汇报你的位置Garrett, what's your 20?
我马上就到你上方十点钟方向I'll be on top of you in seconds at your 10:00.
-机枪准备就绪了吗  -预备中- Guns hot? - Warming up.
他得拉起来  长官He needs to pull up, sir.
加勒特  拉起来Garrett, pull up!
他心里有数He knows what he's doing.
目标摧毁
-该死  -那是琼妮- Damn it. - That's Joanie.
恰奇怎么对付Any thoughts on Chachi?
现在它知道你在这里了Now it knows you're here.
想打滚装死吗Want to roll over, play dead?
好的  菲尔  不过你得快点Okay, Phil, but you better make it quick.
我要没油了I'm running on fumes.
我拉到你水平六点钟方向I'll pull up even of your six.
最好别失手Better not miss.
收到Copy that.
准备好就开始吧  老大Ready when you are, boss.
"装死"  那是什么意思"Play dead." What does that mean?
意思是...我最好别失手That means... I better not miss.
无人机被击落The drones are down.
加勒特特工还活着Agent Garrett's alive
而且跟神盾局616号对接了and docking with S.H.I.E.L.D. 6-1-6.
我建议我们派更多人手过去I suggest we send more men,
直接把飞机打下来shoot that airplane out of the sky.
不必No.
我们无法取得加勒特飞机的自动控制权We couldn't seize automated control of Garrett's jet,
所以我本打算销毁它so I wrote it off as a loss.
但既然他去科尔森那儿了But now that he's with Coulson,
我们就能在他们着陆后一举消灭we can cross him off with the rest when they land.
保住飞机Preserve the aircraft.
你有什么要说的吗  肖特工You got something to say, Agent Shaw?
对不起  长官Apologies, ma'am.
我只是很难接受杀我们曾称为朋友的人I'm just having a hard time killing the people we once called friends.
那条加密信息发出去后  一切都不同了Once that encoded transmission went out, everything changed.
这道理你是懂的吧You understand that, don't you?
我们宣誓忠于彼此We swore allegiance to each other.
今天  就是考验那份忠诚的时候And today, that loyalty will be tested.
如果你犹豫不决...If you waver...
只有死路一条you die.
这是一条简单的重复信息It's a simple message repeated.
语义编码Semantic encoding.
我得先找到助记符I needed to find the mnemonic key.
再有一两分钟应该就能破译It should only take me a minute more to decipher.
我能问大家都在想的问题吗  搞毛啊Can I ask the obvious question? What the hell?!
我们也不知道We don't know.
我们甚至不清楚这架飞机要飞向哪里We don't even know where our plane is headed.
我看到你们的飞行轨迹了Oh, I saw your trajectory.
你们正被牵着鼻子往中心飞去You're being tractor-beamed straight to the Hub.
那些无人机无疑是从那里出来的Those drones were launched out of there for sure.
维多利亚·汉德Victoria Hand.
汉德  不可能啊Hand? Can't be.
不可能是什么It can't be what, now?
千里眼The Clairvoyant.
沃德不是干掉那货了吗I thought Ward capped that guy.
我不认为沃德杀死的那个人是千里眼I don't believe the man Ward killed was the Clairvoyant.
我觉得他只是个不知情的诱饵I think he was an unwitting decoy
用来阻止我们深入调查的meant to end our investigation.
为了转移视线That's a lot of trouble to
这未免太大费周章了吧go through for a red herring, don't you think?
因为千里眼是一名神盾局特工Because the Clairvoyant is a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent
利用高等级权限  总是先我们一步Using high-level clearance to stay ahead of us,
弄得好像她有通灵能力一样make it seem like she's got psychic abilities.
"她""She"?
你觉得维多利亚·汉德是千里眼吗You think Victoria Hand's the Clairvoyant?
不是我抬杠I don't mean to pee in the punch bowl,
但那说不通啊but that doesn't make a lot of sense.
我曾跟维一起驻扎在里斯本I was stationed with Vic in Lisbon.
她很凶悍  在派对上很扫兴She's a hard-ass and a buzzkill at parties, I grant you,
但你真觉得她会做这种事吗but do you really think she's capable of that?
拜托  她刚刚不是想把你炸飞吗Excuse me. Didn't she just try to blow you out of the sky?
别误会我的意思  她绝对是疯了Don't get me wrong -- she's definitely gone nuts,
但她的行动不正好证明了她不是千里眼吗but her actions prove she's not the Clairvoyant, right?
如果她一直都躲在光天化日之下I mean, if she's been hiding in plain sight all this time...
为什么要现在暴露自己呢why reveal herself now?
伙计们Guys.
走出阴影  步入光明"Out of the shadows, into the light."
我的天Well, I'll be.
九头蛇
九头蛇不是二战后就被剿灭了吗I thought Hydra was defeated after World War II.
没错  神盾局就是在那之后成立的It was. S.H.I.E.L.D. was founded in the wake of that victory.
现在他们又回来了吗And now they're back?
九头蛇总能起死回生Hyrda always comes back.
砍掉一个头  会再生出两个来Cut off a head, two more will take its place.
是头吗  我还以为是触手Is it a head? I thought it was a limb.
-不  砍掉一个头  -砍掉一根触手- No, no, no. "Cut off a head." - "Cut off a limb."
是头It's a head.
但这是从神盾局内部发来的But it was sent from a S.H.I.E.L.D. source.
这一定是发给神盾局内部的It's got to be some sort of activation signal
九头蛇成员的激活信号to Hydra members within S.H.I.E.L.D.
-汉德肯定是其中之一  -好了  停一下- Hand must be one of them. - Okay, stop. Stop.
什么意思  神盾局内部W-what does that mean? In S.H.I.E.L.D.?
针对八级特工  夺取权力Targeting level-eight agents, seizing power.
不知道涉及到多深Wonder how deep it goes.
信号到处都是  很深The signal's everywhere. Deep.
-你知道这意味着什么吗  -是的- You know what this means? - Yeah.
我们完蛋了We're screwed.
我们不能改变航向We can't change course,
也不知道在中心等待我们的是什么and we have no idea what's waiting for us at the Hub.
中心The Hub.
要我说  咱们把这东西炸个洞I say we blow a hole in the side of this puppy
跳伞逃走  改日再战and parachute out, live to fight another day.
我们不能那么做We can't.
这飞机的确是可惜了It's a cherry ride, I'll give you that,
但我们总不能束手就擒吧but let's not just hand over the keys.
西蒙斯在中心  我们必须救她Simmons is at the Hub. We have to save her.
糟糕  崔普也在那儿Oh, crap. Yeah. Trip's there, too.
不得不说咱们胜算不大I don't mind saying I don't like the odds on this one.
应该把你的行动专家都放出来We should let your specialists out of their cage.
物尽其用  人尽其才We can use every weapon we can get.
我们必须救她We've got to save her.
那我们就飞过去  直面险境[音乐]So we'll fly in there, face the music...
哪怕是九头蛇之歌...even if it is the Hydra theme song.
崔普利特和西蒙斯特工下落不明  女士Agents Triplett and Simmons are unaccounted for, ma'am.
正在进行搜索Searches are under way.
他们无处可逃They don't have anywhere to go.
不要小瞧科尔森的手下Don't underestimate Coulson's people.
赶紧找到他们Tie up those loose ends.
你确定这条线路安全吗You're positive this line is secure?
是的  但你得快点Yeah, but be quick.
偷偷摸摸看起来最可疑Nothing looks more guilty than sneaking around.
我给她发了一条请求  她一定没有...Well, I sent her a request. She must not have --
韦弗特工  谢谢你能来Agent Weaver, thank you for joining me.
-我还...  -珍玛  谢天谢地你还活着- I'd been hop-- - Jemma. Thank god you're still alive.
什么  出什么事了What? What's wrong?
中心还安全吗  你跟你的队友在一起吗The Hub still secure? Are you with your team?
找个安全的地方躲起来  锁好门Get somewhere safe and lock the door.
发生什么事了What's happening?
让你的指挥官上报  学院被围攻了Have your commander report that the academy is under siege.
我们不知道九头蛇渗入神盾局多久了We don't know how long Hydra's been inside S.H.I.E.L.D.
他们正夺取控制权They are taking control!
九头蛇  什么  在哪Hydra? What? Where?
到处都是  就在我们中间Everywhere! Among us!
如果你活下来了  你知道去哪找我If you survive, you know where to find me.
珍玛  不要相信任何人Jemma, don't trust anyone!
你在做什么What are you doing?
照这位女士说的  把门锁起来What the lady said to do -- locking the door.
让我出去Let me out.
请自便Go ahead.
如果他们找来  这扇门是顶不住的This door won't hold if they come looking,
但他们一时半会儿不会找来but they won't come around this way for a little while.
反正我是不会出去I'm staying.
我怎么知道能不能相信你Well, how do I... know I can trust you?
因为我值得信任Because I'm trustworthy.
而你才是死而复生的家伙的手下You're the one who works for the zombie robot back from the dead.
拿着Take it.
如果你用它来攻击我  我就知道你信不过了If you try to kill me with it, I'll know I can't trust you.
重新启动那玩意Now fire that thing back up.
看能不能联络上我们的朋友Let's see if we can get our friends on the line.
真等不及告诉他们这个"好消息"了Can't wait to tell them the good news.
科尔森说你是个内鬼Coulson said you're an informant.
想解释一下吗Want to elaborate on that?
不想No, I don't.
该死的冰冻枪Damn icer.
我的头疼死了My head's killing me.
我有权知道I deserve to know.
别提那事行吗Don't start with that.
服从命令  绝不多问We do our jobs. End of story.
在弗瑞批准前我什么都不能告诉你I can't tell you any more until Fury gives the go-ahead.
你真厉害You're good.
我一直听说你很厉害I mean, I always heard you were good.
但不得不说But, man...
一直把我们耍得团团转playing us this whole time,
欺骗我  科尔森conning me, Coulson.
我没有耍任何人  我跟你们同一阵线I wasn't playing anyone. I had your backs.
还暗地向别人报告我们的情况And reported on us behind them.
你一直告诉我要控制好自己的情绪You know, you always said to keep my emotions in check.
但你可真是令人叹为观止But this is some next-level --
你应该听我的And you should have listened.
你冷血地杀了一个人You killed a man in cold blood,
让你的情感蒙蔽了理智let your emotions get the best of you.
那是为了保护我们的团队It was to protect our team from a monster!
你只是为了保护她It was to protect her!
这么做也情有可原Which would be okay
但可惜你杀错了人if you hadn't shot the wrong guy.
菲兹修复好了你的专用线路Fitz repaired your direct line.
如果你能弥补一切If you have the ability to make this right,
就赶快吧  情况也不可能更糟了now's the time, 'cause you can't make it worse.
我有命令不能在旁边有人时干这个I have orders not to do this with anyone else present.
他们在攻击我们的武器They're taking out our guns.
立刻打给弗瑞  不然我把你第一个推出去Get director Fury on the line, or I'll march you out there first.
长官  发生了什么事Sir, what is going on?
一言难尽A whole lot.
谁在攻击我们Who is shooting at us?
来  我跟你讲讲情况Come here. Let me catch you up.
看来汉德特工才是千里眼Apparently, Agent Hand is the Clairvoyant,
你先消化一下这个吧So chew on that first.
梅琳达·梅特工Agent Melinda May.
语音指令  1号紧急协议Voice command. Emergency protocol one.
1号紧急协议Emergency protocol one.
你好Hello.
这是一条直通弗瑞局长的X10加密通讯专线This is an X10 straight connection to Director Fury's personal line.
他在哪Where is he?
弗瑞局长死了Director Fury is dead.
弗瑞的事是真的吗Can that be true about Fury?
他曾是我和科尔森的监管人员Man was my S.O. Coulson's, too.
他不止一次证明过他不会那么容易死proved himself more than once to be a hard man to kill.
但外面的动静听起来的确不妙That sound outside doesn't bode well, though.
这飞机上有什么东西Is there anything on this plane
是你们不想让他们得到的吗you don't want them to get their hands on?
那是他的专线  菲尔That was his direct line, Phil.
看来是真的So it's real.
那就剩下你和我了That means it's just you and me,
除非你还向其他什么组织汇报unless there were other parties you reported to.
我没有There weren't.
那就坦白一切吧  弗瑞不在了Then come out with it. Fury's gone.
我们还被自己人攻击We're being shot at by our own people.
弗瑞知道你会邀请我加入Fury knew you'd want me to join up,
所以他让我留意你asked me to keep an eye on you.
留意我什么Looking for what?
任何生理或心理问题的征兆Signs of physical or mental deterioration,
定时向他汇报to keep him updated.
就是这么单纯It's that simple.
你一直都知道塔希提岛的事吗Did you know about Tahiti?
你怎么能这样对我How could you do that to me?
我们经历过那么多风风雨雨After all we've been through,
一起出过那么多任务the years we spent together in ops --
他交待过一定不能让你知道He said it was essential you couldn't know.
那次在巴林岛我着陪你收拾残局The time I spent sifting through the ashes with you in Bahrain?
我组建这个团队时  给了你第二次机会I gave you a second chance when I assembled --
组建团队的人是我I assembled this team.
你说什么What?
我评估了需要的人选I evaluated what was needed,
然后上交评估结果给弗瑞and I gave the assessment to Fury,
然后他才给了你参考人选名单and he gave you the parameters for your unit.
都需要什么人  梅What was needed, May?
能治愈你身体的人Someone who could repair your body,
能重建你大脑的技术员a technician who could reprogram your brain,
还有在必要时候能帮我放倒你的行动专家and a specialist to help me put you down if it had to be done.
但我不是为了弗瑞But I didn't do it for Fury.
我是为了你  为了保护你I did it for you, to protect you!
我I --
你对我很重要You mean a lot to me.
非常重要A lot.
听说你死了的时候To hear you were dead...
你也许不信  但我说的都是真话You may not believe me, but that's the truth.
而且我跟这个千里眼And I have nothing to do with the Clairvoyant
和九头蛇的阴谋无关or this Hydra threat we're up against.
希望这一枪能证明我的清白Hopefully this helps prove that.
我很想相信你I want to believe you,
但你一直在利用我的信任but you've used that against me this whole time.
对方停火了They stopped firing.
从窗户无法对外攻击No clear shots through the windows.
他们想留着飞机They want to preserve the aircraft.
接下来就轮到精准打击小队了A surgical strike team is next.
菲兹破坏了舷梯的液压系统Fitz cut the hydraulics on the cargo ramp.
他们只能硬撬They'll have to pry it open.
那也挡不住他们多久That won't hold them long.
我们得想个突围计划  带走一切带得走的We need to plan to get out of here with whatever we can take with us.
说到这个About that.
084资料  阿斯加德武器The 0-8-4 specs, Asgardian weaponry,
传送门装置  多尼的天气控制器portal creation, Donnie's weather machine.
如果被他们知道冷藏库里的重力鎓...If they get their hands on gravitonium in the Fridge --
重力鎓在冷藏库下面  没有入库记录It's below the Fridge. No records.
但万一被发现Okay, but on the off-chance
将其武器化的办法就落入敌手we'd give them the designs to weaponize it.
还有塔希提的药  长官The drug from Tahiti, sir?
全在这儿All here.
如果九头蛇真夺下了这架飞机If Hydra is really about to seize this plane --
我们得清除系统We should wipe the system.
我正在备份到硬盘上以防万一I'm backing it up on this hard drive to keep our edge.
就这样  全面清理飞机Then do it. Scrub the plane clean.
我需要点时间It'll take some time.
那我们给你争取点时间We're working on buying you some.
这个信号阻塞了所有通道I'm telling you, this signal is clogging everything up.
肯定大事临头了Something terrible has happened.
不许动  举起手来Freeze! Show me your hands!
把手举起来Show me your hands.
这叫老鼠打洞器It's called a mouse hole.
可以切割任何东西Cuts through anything, really.
我一年前就设计好提交测试I designed it a year ago and submitted it for testing,
但一直没分发下去but it never reached distribution.
顶尖特工总把好东西占为己有Top agents always hog the good stuff.
你说得对  硬盘放你这儿更安全You're right. The hard drive's safer in your hands.
你还没教我怎么扛住酷刑呢You haven't taught me how to hold up under torture yet.
回头教你  很有趣的We'll get to that. It's real fun.
好了  我们分头行动All right. Here's where we split.
-斯凯和沃德  -我们去控制中心- Skye and Ward? - Heading to the nerve center.
废了他们的系统Disable their systems,
更重要的是夺回飞机的控制权most importantly, their control of our plane.
明白Copy that.
记住  这些特工只是受命而行Remember, these agents are under orders.
只准用冰冻枪Use icers only.
我们去找西蒙斯  把她救出来We'll find Simmons, get her out.
我们应该去找汉德We should go straight for Hand.
九头蛇不是总说什么把头砍掉吗Hydra's always talking about getting their heads cut off, right?
我们的首要任务是救出西蒙斯和崔普利特Saving Simmons and Triplett -- that's our priority.
我同意  这就是我的办法I agree, and that's how I'd get it done.
你有更好的办法就说出来Hope you have a better plan.
菲尔  我能帮忙的Phil, I can help you if you --
我们是需要你帮忙  但手铐不能解We need your help, but the cuffs stay on.
你们可能没剩几分钟的小命就看此刻了The rest of your possibly very short lives hinges on this moment.
九头蛇已成功渗透了神盾局Hydra has successfully infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D.
并打进高层at the highest level.
虽然花了70多年It only took seven decades,
但今天我们华丽回归了and today is our coming-out party.
我们得到了很多九级和十级特工的支持We have the support of the level-9 and level-10 agents.
而那些反抗九头蛇的人也已被除掉And those who have resisted Hydra have been crossed off...
包括弗瑞局长在内Director Fury included.
我是来给你们个选择  很简单I'm here to offer you a choice, and a simple one at that.
要么现在就发誓永远坚定不移地效忠九头蛇Either swear unwavering loyalty to Hydra right now for all time...
要么就跟弗瑞一个下场or share Fury's fate.
我不会等很久的I won't wait long.
除掉我们Cross us off...
你们中一人也会一起陪葬and one of you goes, too.
答对了Right answer.
我现在信任的有七个人了The number of people I trust is now seven.
围捕进行得如何Where are we on the roundup?
我们把所有五级以下的特工都关押在了东区We're moving all agents below level five to east holding.
我的手下在监控大部分房间里的麦克风I have men monitoring microphones placed in most of the rooms.
我们的突击队呢And our strike team?
-已强攻飞机  -那是个测试- Has stormed the plane, yes. - That was a-a test?
只有少数人通过That very few have passed.
我以为我们死定了I thought we were dead.
你不是九头蛇的人  感谢上帝You're not Hydra. Thank god.
先别高兴得太早Well, don't celebrate just yet.
我们虽不是九头蛇  但你的朋友科尔森We may not be Hydra, but your friend Coulson --
他是he is.
我们抓住了科尔森特工和"铁骑"We captured Agent Coulson and the Cavalry herself.
给楼上打电话  他们会需要援助Call upstairs. They'll need assistance.
他们正朝这儿They're headed to --
来here.
我们抓住这些狡猾的混蛋了We caught 'em, the slippery bastards.
梅特工被我打了一枪Agent May took one of mine in the arm.
科尔森多愁善感  不想让她失血而死Softy there wouldn't let her bleed out.
你需要医疗救助吗Whoa. Do you need medical assistance?
你的佩枪就够了Just your sidearm.
好了  西蒙斯  你在哪Okay, come on, Simmons. Where are you?
-向我汇报  -是的  长官- Report back to me. - Yes, Ma'ma.
怎么样了What?
我们搜查了飞机  长官  没找到We've searched the plane, ma'am. No sign of it.
飞机着陆时  他们在飞机上They were on board when it landed.
我们在彻查飞机We are tearing this plane apart.
他们一定是不知怎么溜了They must have... snuck off somehow.
搜查各个隧道Check the tunnels.
每个走廊驻守两支小队I want two squads posted in every corridor.
抓住任何人能抓的人Capture who you can,
但你们可以使用致命武力but you have permission to use lethal force.
-是  长官  -你说得对- Yes, ma'am. - You were right.
我们之前真该把飞机打下来We should have blown that plane out of the sky.
你疯了吗  你怎么能说出这种话Are you mad? How can you be saying this?
九头蛇不会心慈手软  我们也不能Hydra won't show mercy. Neither can we.
科尔森不可能是九头蛇的人There is no way Coulson is Hydra!
他是个好人  是我们的朋友He is a good man, a friend!
他是个骗子He's a liar!
布莱克特工跟我说了他的怀疑Agent Blake came to me with his suspicions --
说科尔森和其他八级权限的特工that Coulson and the other level eights
在搞什么阴谋were involved in some sort of conspiracy.
随后科尔森派他执行一项任务Then Coulson sent him on an OP
导致他进了重症病房that put him in the I.C.U.
科尔森不会做出你说的那种事Coulson is not capable of what you're insinuating.
雅各布森特工  科尔森的罪行Agent Jacobson, Coulson's crimes?
招募神盾局的已知敌人Recruiting known enemies of S.H.I.E.L.D.,
多次直接抗命disobeying a direct order -- multiple counts,
违反国际法violation of international law.
去营救我们敬爱的霍尔教授To rescue our beloved Professor Hall,
结果教授却死在他手上who ended up dead by his hand.
没有上报他门徒阿奇拉·阿玛多尔的罪行Failure to report the crimes if he's protege Akela Amador.
用在她身上的技术随后被用在了Whose same technology somehow ended up
彼得森先生身上  你知道他都干了什么in the head of Mr. Peterson, and you know his crimes.
你帮我们从千里眼手中救出了科尔森You helped us save Coulson from the Clairvoyant.
但我们找到这位脑死亡的千里眼时Yet when we found this brain-dead Clairvoyant,
他却被科尔森的手下沃德射杀Coulson's man Ward shot him
让我们来不及盘问出任何信息before we could learn a single thing about him.
这一切都说得通了  西蒙斯特工The lies add up, Agent Simmons.
难道他从没瞒过你什么吗Are you telling me he's never kept a secret from you?
你现在最不能做的就是轻视九头蛇The worst thing you can do right now is to underestimate Hydra.
他们躲在明处They hide in plain sight.
他们赢得我们的信任  同情They earn our trust, our sympathy.
他们让我们变得和他们一样They make us like them.
如果你犹豫  他们就出手And when you hesitate, they strike.
如果我们要活下去  就得学会先发制人If we're to survive, we must learn to strike first.
见鬼Damn.
处理中心就在走廊尽头That processing center is at the end of that hall.
把你的冰冻枪给我Give me your icer.
你要怎么做What are you gonna do?
为你开路Pave the way for you.
外面有好几百人吧There's like a hundred guys out there.
12个12.
五级步兵  基本装甲包Level-five foot soldiers, basic armor package,
没有其他路可走了and no other way through.
其他人都指望我们了The others are depending on us.
但这相当于自杀啊But it's suicide.
我不死不就行了Not if I don't die.
如果我死了...And if I do...
等等Wh-- slow down.
也许我应该去死...maybe I deserve to.
我杀了个无辜的人  斯凯I killed an innocent man, Skye.
你并不知情You didn't know.
你以为你在做正确的事You thought you were doing the right thing.
你以为他要...You thought he was going to --
伤害你To hurt you.
如果我们能活着出去  也许我们可以If we make it out of this, maybe we can...
去喝点东西  就我们俩grab a drink, you and me.
你是在...Are you --
还记得在都柏林的酒吧里  你想要...Remember in that bar in Dublin, you offered to...
谈谈Talk?
我当时不想谈I didn't want to talk.
我必须得公私分明I needed to keep things compartmentalized.
像和梅那样吗Like with May?
我不是白痴I'm not an idiot.
我们生活在同一架飞机上好吧We live on the same plane together, for god's sake.
和她在一起  我能公私分明Well, with her, I knew I could.
但是和你...我不想冒这个险With you... I didn't want to risk it.
我是想和你谈谈  沃德  不是和你上床I was offering to talk, Ward, not to have sex with you.
我没这么说  我是说I'm not saying that. I'm saying...
我想接受你的提议I want a chance to take you up on it,
和你谈谈to have that talk.
我知道我不是那种人Look, I know I'm not that guy.
我感情不外露  还很无聊I'm too locked-down, too boring.
等我们活着出去When we make it out of this...
好  我们去喝杯东西吧Yes, let's have a drink.
你说你可能会死  所以...管他呢You said you might die, so...what the hell?
把门锁好Lock the door behind me.
你...Hey, you...
你真该查查字典里"无聊"是什么意思You should really look up the word "boring" in a dictionary.
准备好侵入系统了吗You ready to hack this system?
谁说我要侵入了Who said anything about hacking?
在这里  汉德特工There. Agent Hand.
在东翼战况室外Outside the east wing situation room.
这绝对算是战况了This is definitely a situation.
西蒙斯在吗  找到西蒙斯之前我们哪都不去Is Simmons there? We don't move until we find Simmons.
我再说一遍  救她最好的办法就是I'll say it again. Best bet to save her --
利用通风系统到达战况室上方use the ventilation system to get above the sit room.
用菲兹的老鼠打洞器从天而降Drop down using Fitz's sweet, little mouse hole,
再对着维多利亚·汉德的心脏开两枪and put two bullets through Victoria Hand's heart.
这样也行  长官Yeah, it's an option, sir.
-都不审问吗  -审问什么- Without questioning? - Questioning what?
她想快点杀掉我们还是慢慢来吗Whether she wants to kill us fast or slow?
上次我们这样做时  错杀了无辜的人Last time we did that, we shot the wrong man.
因为她想要我们那么做Because she wanted us to!
菲尔  这是为了神盾局的灵魂而战Phil, this is a battle for S.H.I.E.L.D.'s soul,
我们身处前线and we're on the front lines.
今天  我们将被历史铭记History will remember us this day.
没错  为了神盾局的灵魂而战That's right. It's for S.H.I.E.L.D.'s soul.
不经考虑就杀人绝对是...And murder without consideration is a sure --
考虑  考虑下这个"Consideration"? Consider this.
她在我手下的油门上安了炸弹  杀死了他She had one of my men killed with a bomb rigged to his gas pedal.
还有两个浮在酒店泳池上The other two were floating in the hotel pool,
他们可不是在仰泳and they weren't doing the backstroke.
但我们可以冻住她But we can just as easily ice her.
你不能冻住她这样的人You don't put someone like her on ice.
她让斯凯腹部挨了一枪She had Skye shot in the stomach --
正中腹腔  就因为她好奇In the stomach -- because she was curious.
麦克·彼得森  被烧伤Mike Peterson -- burned alive
被改造成了怪物and turned into some kind of freak.
她用给那个She tortured you, using the
穿花裙的婊子洗脑的机器折磨你same machine she used to brainwash that bitch in the flower dress.
现在  她大概也正在这么折磨西蒙斯特工And right now, she's probably doing the same to Agent Simmons.
我考虑了很多  朋友Oh, I've considered it plenty, my friend.
不  西蒙斯不会有事的No. Simmons will be fine.
现实点吧  孩子Just being realistic, kid.
我从没提起过I never mentioned that.
我告诉你  快点杀掉她就是仁慈了I'm telling you, killing her quick would be a mercy.
我从没说过蕾娜进入过那台机器I never said Raina had been inside the machine.
我从没跟人说过I never told that to anybody.
那我肯定是在报告里看到的I must have read it in a report, then.
你没跟我们在一起You weren't with us.
重点是  还要多少人受伤你才肯对维动手The point is, how many more have to suffer before Vic gets hers?
你之后马上出现了You showed up right after.
你到底想说什么What are you driving at?
斯凯中枪后After Skye was shot.
奎恩说这样会带千里眼找到解药Quinn said it was so I would lead the Clairvoyant to the cure.
我就这么做了That's exactly what I did.
我带你一起走进去的I walked you right in there with me.
菲尔Phil...
今天很难熬  我明白Look. It's been a rough day. I-I get it.
但你得冷静一下...But you need to take a second and...
该死Damn it.
-别动  -不许动- Freeze! - Don't move!
双手举高Hands where I can see them.
大伙儿冷静点Easy, fellas.
快把加勒特特工抓起来Take Agent Garrett into custody.
他就是被称为千里眼的杀人凶手He's the murderer they call the Clairvoyant.
他是内鬼He's a traitor.
先生们Gentlemen,
我知道是西特韦尔特工招募了你们I know Agent Sitwell was in charge of filling your ranks,
所以  你们中有些人知道该怎么办吧so at least a few of you know what to do in this situation.
就等你们了Anytime, boys.
九头蛇万岁Hail Hydra.
九头蛇万岁Hail Hydra!
你队里那三个人Those three men in your unit --
他们是问错了问题吧I guess they asked the wrong questions.
今天之前  我们必须小心保密Until today, it was all about keeping the secret.
你要杀死我们吗Are you gonna kill us?
我本来没打算杀你们That wasn't my plan, really.
想杀你们  早就可以动手If it was, I could have done that anytime I wanted.
我和科尔森是老交情了No, Coulson and I go way back,
弗瑞还在教我们战术时就是知交了back to the days when Fury was teaching us tactics --
探查转角  注意上下clearing corners, slicing the pie.
还记得吗  菲尔Remember, Phil?
弗瑞会弄死你的Fury would bury you for this.
也许吧Probably.
不过  他只能在坟墓里打滚了Instead, he'll just have to roll over in his grave.
他一定发现了我们的秘密He must have uncovered our secret.
大领导采取了必要措施Top brass did what they had to do.
怪不得我们突然要"走出阴影"Explains why we've suddenly come "out of the shadows."
还真是没有不方便啊Not a minor inconvenience, I might add.
大领导"Top brass"?
是啊  最顶头的领导Oh, my, yes. Tip-top.
我们本来干的不错We had a good thing going, too --
使劲挥舞神盾局的大旗waving the S.H.I.E.L.D. flag as hard as we could.
看来现在要变色了I guess we'll be changing colors now.
为了九头蛇For Hydra?
你真相信那套鬼话You really believe all that crap --
传播死亡与毁灭spreading death and destruction?
我倒称不上是忠实信徒I wouldn't say I'm a true believer.
这么说吧  我觉得风向有变  就顺势转舵了Let's just say I felt the wind changing direction and swung my sail.
你也该这么做You really should, too.
我宁可死也不会效忠九头蛇  你个狗娘养的I would die before serving Hydra, you sick son of a bitch.
真不想这么说I hate to tell you, but...
但你一直在为九头蛇服务you've been serving Hydra all along.
看来你只有死路一条了I guess death is the only alternative.
真可惜啊  我还当你是朋友呢It's a sad thing. I consider you a friend.
听说你没死我真的很高兴I was happy when I heard you'd made it through.
高兴到折磨了我三天So happy you had me tortured for three days
好查明是怎么做到的to find out how they did it.
折磨你我也不好受I didn't enjoy that.
菲尔  我说真的Phil, t-this is me being honest.
不  约翰  你就是个疯子No, John. This is you being a psychopath.
我知道你会誓死追随他  所以...I know you'd follow him to the grave, so...
至于你  菲兹特工  你要是自愿投诚As for you, Agent Fitz, you'll hold a very high rank,
可以在技术部居高职run our tech division if you volunteer.
否则  你将毫无地位  痛苦不堪If not, you'll have no rank and a lot of pain.
当然了  不管怎样  你都要为我们服务Of course, either way, your services will be required.
你会为你的所作所为付出代价的You're gonna suffer for what you've done.
而我And I --
我绝饶不了你I plan on being a very big part of that.
我喜欢你  孩子I like you, kid.
好了  开枪吧All right. Let them have it.
那一个打在膝盖上But shoot that one in the kneecaps.
就这样了Was that all of them?
我以为会更猛一点...It wasn't as big as I thought --
科尔森Coulson.
举起手来Heads up!
放下武器Drop your weapon!
不许动Don't move!
我不是九头蛇I'm not Hydra.
我们听到了一切We heard...everything.
谁是Who is?
它渗透得有多深How deep does it go?
美国队长在三曲翼总部击毁了三架直升航母Captain America has defeated the helicarriers at the Triskelion.
但他情况不明But his status is unknown.
神盾局沦陷了And S.H.I.E.L.D. has fallen.
九头蛇团体控制了Hyrda factions have taken control
我们东非的总部和树屋of our East African headquarters and the Treehouse.
这还只是我们知道的And those are just the ones we know of.
局面会一片混乱  争权夺势It's gonna be a scramble, a power grab.
我去冷藏库  至少那里是安全的I'll head to the Fridge. At least that facility is secure.
我不用提醒你保护那里有多重要I don't need to remind you how imperative it is that it stay that way.
我会在那儿给加勒特特工找个最小最黑的隔间And I'll find Agent Garrett the smallest, darkest cell in the icebox.
我想亲自打开那个隔间I'd like to turn the key on that cell myself...
如果你不介意  长官if you don't mind, sir.
他曾是我的监管人员He was my S.O.
我觉得我...I feel I...
我该知道的I should have known.
这是我的职责...It was my duty to --
没人知道  我也不知道No one knew. I didn't know.
他就是这样打败我们的  做我们的朋友That's how he beat us -- by being a friend.
我和那个混蛋共处了多年I spent years with that bastard.
尊敬他Looked up to him.
我想看他遭受痛苦I want to see him suffer.
不介意有人陪我去Don't mind the company,
而且我需要你这样的人才and I can always use a man of your skills.
尽量在中心收拾下残局Pick up the pieces here at the hub if you can,
然后...and, uh...
只用这个进行联络only communicate using one of these.
我们可能是神盾局里既不是九头蛇You and I may be the highest-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agents
也没死掉的最高级别特工了who aren't Hyrda or dead...
反正那也不重要了Not that that means anything now.
我们只有彼此了All we have is each other.
保持联系  科尔森特工So stay in touch, Agent Coulson.
我想你可以叫我菲尔I guess you can... call me Phil.
都没了It's all gone.
至少毁得不轻In pieces, at least.
斯凯  尽量恢复飞机系统的固件Skye, try to restore some of the firmware in the plane's systems.
菲兹-西蒙斯  召集一支队伍Fitz-Simmons, get a crew together.
帮梅修补漏洞Help May patch the holes.
你还要我留下吗You still want me on board?
你不再是朋友You're not a friend.
但我相信你是个盟友But I do believe you're an ally.
我们需要所有的盟友We need all the allies we can get.
接下来打算怎么办What are we planning to do next?
活下去Survive.
-航线锁定了  女士  -很好- Course is locked, ma'am. - Good.
他现在不说故事了啊He's not telling stories now, is he?
你知道我在想什么吗  加勒特特工You know what I'm thinking, Agent Garrett?
我在想冷藏库的冰柜I'm thinking the icebox of the Fridge
太舒服你了is a little too comfortable for you.
也许我们该把你放到更深的地下Maybe we should put you a little deeper underground.
你觉得呢  沃德特工What do you think, Agent Ward?
你之前打死了假的千里眼You shot the wrong clairvoyant before.
想对真正的千里眼开枪吗Care to shoot the right one?
《神盾局特工》马上回来We'll be back in a moment.
我跟你说过  有次我秘密卧底的事吗Did I tell you about this one time I was deep undercover?
不用说  西西里当地的支援没出现The Sicilian backup team a no-show, of course.
于是我从天窗下去So I dropped in through the skylight,
用尽了全部子弹used up my whole mag,
然后用信号弹正中最后一人胸膛and I hit the final guy in the chest with a flare gun.
你真该瞧瞧那玩意爆炸时Boy, you should have seen the look
他脸上的表情on his face when that thing went off.
天啊  他都不知道自己是被什么打中的Oh, man, he didn't know what hit him.